Chapter Eight

Wisdom

Since Nalas Nalanda incarnated as a human to carry out
his mission, the scenery in heaven is still the same, and it is as
if they have not changed at all. In addition to playing, the
children review the lessons they have learned together.
Sometimes, they talk to each other to remember the lesson
content. Other times, they are taught by Giac and Chap about
experiences and methods to overcome suffering as humans.
The two messengers Giac and Chap stayed to maintain their
mission here and to help and protect the form body of Nalas
Nalanda on his journey to return to his enlightened wisdom.
Chap takes on the additional duties of San and Han. Giac, in
addition to his mission, is taking on the other responsibilities
of Phap and must constantly observe and follow all
developments on the practising journey of the first Tuelinh.
It is not the first time the five messengers have taken on
each other's jobs to take turns transforming into humans with
Nalas Nalanda. However, they still have indescribable
emotions during his human incarnation this time. They were
filled with excitement , emotion, and suspense as they

watched the progress of his journey on Earth and the
anticipation of meeting and practising his knowledge when
they incarnated as humans.
While working on the tower together, after a moment
of calculation, Giac said to Chap, "Chap, according to our plan
and calculations, the time has come to inform and awaken the
connection between father and his body general already. That
body is 29 years old, has finished getting married and has
children. Tonight, when he sleeps, the two of us will go into
his dream and awaken Father to the task that must be
performed." "So good, these important milestones make me
sobbing and nervous. Look, he's already sta rting to go to
sleep. I probably won't be able to forget these moments. It
would be great if I could remember these memories while
living in the human world." Giac immediately replied, "Stop
dreaming. The rules cannot be changed. Let us wait for him to
fall into a deep sleep and enter his dream."
The early spring days of the new year in a poor
countryside were very peaceful. The early days of spring
make people everywhere feel hopeful and wish for a new year
filled with joy and success. He, the form body of Nalas
Nalanda, fell asleep on a cold nigh t. That sleep washed away
the ups and downs and hardships in life that he had gone
through. He was indeed in a deep sleep. Seeing that scene, Giac
and Chap became emotional and challenging to describe. Both
saw aura light signals from within Nalas Nalanda' s body that
signalled the time had come for them to go to see him.
Having fallen into a deep sleep, Nalas Nalanda suddenly
found himself standing in the middle of the house at night. Out
in the yard, the light from the moon illuminated the scene,

making it clear when viewed from inside the house through
glass windows. At that time, in his awareness, he was unsure
whether this was a dream or reality because tonight was the
first moonlit night of the new year. He couldn't differentiate
between the dr eam and real -life scenes every time he fell
asleep because it was so real. He often dreams of locations
that do not exist in the human world, which are strange and
beautiful scenes that captivate the human mind. As if some
invisible connection made him bel ieve in what he saw in the
dream, he believed that his words, emotions, and actions were
his soul. He truly believed in the soul and what he knew in his
nights of sleep, including his foreknowledge of the future in
his dreams from childhood. Everything tha t was known in
advance happened precisely. That's why he enjoys those
things and often tells those stories to friends and relatives.
While engrossed in looking at the moonlight shining
through the glass windows, it shines on himself. Suddenly,
Nalas Nalanda heard a strange breathing sound, and it was
not similar to the breathing sound of any animal on Earth. He
became curious, opened th e door slightly, and stepped out
into the courtyard. Listening to the direction of the breath, he
walked to the garden on the left side of the house. He was
startled to see a jade-green dragon staring intently at him, its
big and long whiskers curling with a strange breath. Its body
was curved into six sections, and the head was close to the
ground and looking at him, the tail was at the top. At that
moment, he instinctively became frightened, ran straight into
the house, and closed the door. He tried to lo ok through the
window in bewilderment. That dragon suddenly flew past the
front door, and its eyes continued to look at him. It then

passed to the house's front yard and transformed into two
adult men. Something strange attracted him to step out and
approach the two men. While standing in front of them, one of
them said to him, "It's time for you to practice. Our world is in
danger, and time is running out. We have magic and miracles,
but we can't teach you. We will direct you to someone to
study." When those two said the name of the person he had to
come to study, the two disappeared. At the same time, the
rooster crowed continuously, w aking him up from his sleep.
Although it was still dark, he couldn't sleep. He immediately
sat up and recalled all the events in his sleep. He took this as
an indication that his soul was linked to them. At this time, he
still did not know who he was or who his soul was. Everything
remains vague about the spirit world and the invisible. After
that, he thought and believed he would meet the person the
two men told him about last night.
A few months later, he met the person he was told
about in his dream. After a period of meeting, he believed that
person was indeed the person he had been informed about.
Only then did he tell his story to that person. Although that
person could not teach him, he would lead him to meet a
woman. According to him, this woman has spiritual abilities
to help Nalas Nalanda's body. After thinking about whether or
not he should see her to learn the so -called miracle, he
decided to see that woman in a few days. He hesitated to go
because he had many people who wanted to teach him about
spirituality and miracles. But he refused. He didn't want
anyone to be his teacher.
On two consecutive nights, before he met that woman,
two messengers continuously went to sleep to inform him.

The first night, a messenger transformed into an old man
came to his house and said, "You have to study quickly. Time
is running out. Heaven sent the person you are about to meet
to teach you." But it seemed he still suspected something, so
he didn't answer the older man. On the second night, an older
woman came to him and told him the same as the older man
had said. But he also had no answer. On the day he went to
meet the woman and the man who was initially informed, he
met him in a sceptical mood. The tw o messengers knew that
what they said, so they continued to go to sleep the night after
he went to meet that woman. This time, the older man and the
older woman appeared before him. They repeated, "We can't
teach you. You should study with that woman for one year,
and you'll finish it. Everything awaits you, and you must
complete that study plan." However, he did not answer when
the two messengers returned from his sleep. Chap confided to
Giac, "It is difficult to awaken tuelinh when in human form to
live in the human world. If not for the father in his body,
perhaps we could not succeed in awakening and connecting
the brain intelligence and tuelinh inside him." "With what he
did, we were successful. The tuelinh within him is awakening,
and will receive back his memories and wisdom when he goes
through all the painful experiences in this life."
Time passed very quickly; the day he finished his
experience of studying the Dharma was almost over.
However, he was highly disappointed because he thought he
only had to learn for one year but had to study for another six
months. In particular, he did not know anything or have any
magic. Instead, the teacher only taught him rituals to pray

from heaven to hope for someone to have money and status.
Because he was so disappointed, he looked at the sky and said,
"Why do you show me someone like that to learn from? I can't
learn anything. There's nothing good to learn, and I only see
ignorance from the teacher. I tried to listen to her. I had to
convince her to let me complete my studies according to her
instructions. I am very disappointed in you." His faith seemed
to have collapsed after more than a year of studying. Out of
frustration, he burned all the notes he took during the study
period. When he burned them, he thought, "I can't use them.
It's so ignorant. How can I use rituals to solve human suffering
and problems? Someone may be afraid of people in heaven,
but I am not, so I burn everythin g I wrote down from people
in this so-called paradise. I'm not afraid of being punished or
doing anything by those who live in heaven. I am recognized
to have finished my study in the new year's spring. I don't
know what to do after that. Why didn't those two spirits meet
me from that day until now? Maybe they see they're wrong, so
they don't want to see me."
With the bustling atmosphere, everyone, every family,
is happily preparing to celebrate the new year. One night,
while sleeping, he suddenly found himself sitting in the
temple of Nalas Nalanda. He was sitting in Nalas Nalanda's
place, and many people were listening to him. His words were
profound and majestic when he heard them greet him and
heard what he said to them. He was surprised. Two emotional
states were intertwined at that time; one was the state of the
tuelinh myself, and the other was the state of the brain
wisdom; they linked together. Then he suddenly woke up in
the middle of the night. He couldn't sleep anymore. He tried

to reassure himself and assumed this was just an ordinary
dream, not a message or memory. In the following days, he
encouraged himself that it wasn't true; his soul couldn't be
that tuelinh. Whenever he thought about that scene, he feared
that he had offended that tuelinh. However, his soul does not
let him have a peaceful life like other small people. One cold
winter night later, when he was in a deep sleep under a warm
cotton blanket, he stood beside a lake in heaven. It was
tremendous, and the extraordin ary thing was that he could
see the tiny stones emitting a brilliant blue light; the water
surface had no ripples. He was standing and immersed in
contemplation with his eyes looking out to the lake. Suddenly,
a tuelinh stood behind him and greeted, "Fathe r,
congratulations on waking up and returning to visit your
homeland. I have completed protecting your body and
awakening you in his form body. Now, my father's body and
human wisdom know who the soul inside is. That is very
difficult to accept." "Thank you for protecting my human form
and for the awakenings that allowed me to connect wisdom
with that form. I am inside that body, so I am the owner of the
form; I know how to control the body to complete the task.
That form does not know that the person he has had to study
for more than a year is also my previous life teacher. He must
go through that experience to see the ignorance of people and
tuelinhs, of those who know psychic abilities. He needs to
have my intelligence. When he burned down the things he had
written out of frustration, it was my control to teach the
human mind to know right and wrong, emotions. In the
coming time, I will take my human wisdom with me on a tour
around the universe, re -visiting the memories of my human

life in the human world. I will gradually pass on all my wisdom
to the human wisdom of my body." Then he woke up. Like
every time, he sat up and remembered everything he saw and
knew in the dream. In the following days, he learned to accept
that the soul i nside him was that tuelinh , especially after he
knew that he had to study for more than a year with the same
teacher who taught him in his previous life and how he
understood that teacher. Because of that, after he finished
learning from that person, he decided to go to her and preach
enlightened knowledge for three hours to her. However, she
was uncomf ortable listening to lectures about enlightened
understanding.
In the following months, every time he fell asleep in the
dark of night, his human wisdom was carried by the tuelinh
inside him everywhere in the universe, throughout the
memories of his human lives, in the human world. But in
reality, the wisdom of the tuelinh transmits essential
knowledge to the brain. When the brain intelligence receives
complete knowledge from the tuelinh, the body, wisdom, and
tuelinh merge into one whole. This process of returni ng
wisdom has helped him gain knowledge about the truth of the
universe, humanity, the origin of humanity, the mission of
tuelinhs and humans, and the path to liberate suffering
through the knowledge of the two noble truths. Now, he has
been teaching that knowledge. He had many classes and many
students. They co me and go after a learning journey. His
wisdom became more and more perfect. He upgraded his
enlightened knowledge each year to become more profound
and comprehensive. During the difficult years on the journey
to return his wisdom and spread it, he never t hought of

stopping or giving up. Once, he looked up at the sky on a bright
moonlit night and said, "My body will vow to devote its entire
life to the mission of tuelinh. The tuelinh in me is my father,
my master. I am a child of tuelinh. Every breath, every cell in
me is giving and fulfilling the mission of a great Father." He
always feels great and happy because next to him there are
people; inside them are wonderful tuelinhs, and they
accompany him on the journey of spreading knowledge of two
noble truths. They wer e always by his side in the most
challenging times, encouraging and cheering him. Besides,
countless people he had never met learned his knowledge
through others, through modern means of society. The sick,
those drowning in suffering, have studied the know ledge of
the two truths and have overcome it. They continue to share
that knowledge. That truth is happening, and it will not stop.
Since this knowledge is the most wonderful in the universe, it
is being used to benefit humanity and the tuelinhs.
Following the journey of Nalas Nalanda in human form
in the human world, Giac and Chap became emotional, tears
streaming down their cheeks. They are happy because the
father has been successful on the road to fulfilling his mission
in the world. They were delighted when Nalas Nalanda
successfully transformed the yin and yang energy embryo
into a dual energy filter when his body was 35 years old.
Before that, it was just a single energy filter. After only six
years of practising and spreading knowledge, with ups and
downs and hardships, he overcame and even completed the
first task. That's why the yin energy superparticle has a
brilliant jade green colour, and his yin and yang embryo
produced several other super -energies. Now, he is carrying

out his second mission of spreading the knowledge of the two
truths to unite humanity, helping all tuelinhs and people in
humans eliminate toxins and transform yin and yang embryos
to become sustainable.
While immersed in emotions while thinking about him,
Giac and Chap were surprised to see him come to visit. After
greeting, Giac immediately said to him, "The second great
salvation of living beings is real, Father." "Of course, it's real,
I'm doing it." Giac, following his mission, should remind him.
After the three entered the sparkling golden energy space, he
immediately said, "We are also teacher and students of the
path of enlightenment. Only we can produce super energy
particles." Then, Giac told him, "We now have t hree tuelinhs
qualified to transform the original yin and yang embryo into
a single filter, Father. I see that in this life of your practice, you
will have many tuelinhs qualified to transform the yin and
yang embryo into a single filter." "That is our joy, the joy of the
whole universe. Also, the negative energy superparticle
produced is doing a good job of protecting the universe from
attacks from outside destructive energy. Other super -
energies are doing their job well. We still have one important
thing to do: save the Earth so that the practice environment of
tuelinhs is not destroyed. We will try to save as many people
as possible." Then, he returned to his body while that body
was still asleep.