Chapter Nine

The Four Commandments of God in the
Gathering of Humanity

Always observing and following Nalas Nalanda's
footsteps in human life in the human world, Giac is highly
proud of the achievements he has made over the years.
Countless people have overcome suffering in life quickly and
peacefully through studying and practising the knowledge of
the two truths. Besides, many people of different ages had
mental illnesses such as depression, anxiety disorders,
hallucinations, paranoia, postpartum depression, being
possessed by demons, and schizophrenia, they recovered and
returned to normal. In particular, many people suffer from
mild to severe diseases, such as body pain, bone and joint
pain, cancer, etc. They have overcome illness and suffering in
life like magic. However, from Nalas Nalanda's sermons, Giac
knew it was not magic or a miracle. All the sick people
recovered from their illnesses, and those who had suffered
overcame their suffering because they diligently listened and
learned his knowledge; they and their families followed his
teachings and instructions correctly. Because the knowledge
he is teaching is accurate information, the truth of all things in

and out of the universe. All that information he called the
knowledge of two noble truths, including the truth of the
universe and the truth of enlightenment. He combined that
knowledge with the smallest energy particle's truth, nature,
and movement mechan ism to create the magical power of
enlightened knowledge. Learning about the smallest energy
particles is difficult to understand because humanity cannot
discover the smallest particles of simple matter, such as soil,
rocks, plants, and metals. But the kno wledge of the smallest
energy particles that the incarnation of Nalas Nalanda is
teaching includes the smallest energy particles of simple
matter, complex matter, and super-matter. They are the three
groups of matter that make up the universe and all life within
it. However, the knowledge of the smallest energy particle
became accessible for everyone in the human world to learn
and remember when he encoded the knowledge of two truths
into them to dispel ignorance and achieve enlightenment for
tuelinhs, people in the human world. For him, it is the truth of
information with the nature and operating mechanism of the
smallest particle in the universe. But for me, it is magic, a
miracle that my revered father has been teaching in the
human world through his incarnation.
Although he still had to wait for one of the three
messengers to return before Giac could transform into a
human to study and practice, he could still listen to the
lectures Nalas Nalanda preached to his students. The
wonderful tools in Giac's workplace he lp him complete the
task but also allow him to immerse himself in the atmosphere
of the great teacher's lectures and classes. He always listens
attentively and does not miss any lesson from the teacher,

The Four Commandments of God in the Gathering of Humanity

imparting knowledge of the two noble truths. Because he
heard and received valuable information from the teacher's
lectures before incarnating as a human, he is confident that he
will fully understand that knowledge and practice
transforming the original yin and yang embryo into an energy
filter success in the following human life.
When Giac saw Nalas Nalanda preparing to give
lectures to many students in a classroom with nearly a
hundred students, Giac seemed to blend into the classroom
atmosphere to listen to his teachings. He rented the classroom
in a house to lecture on knowledge . Although the space was
cramped because many people were listening to the lecture,
it was even uncomfortable, but those troubles disappeared
when his lesson started. That is the familiar feeling of those
who have repeatedly heard speeches from the teacher.
When he knows the truth about himself, who is the
tuelinh inside him? Nalas Nalanda's incarnation used his
name as his own. He explained to his students the meaning of
the name Nalas Nalanda: when in heaven that name means
the first tuelinh, God, all things in the universe were born from
him, his wisdom covers the entire understanding of the
universe, especially he is the only fully enlightened tuelinh;
When in the human world, that name means a fully
enlightened person preaching the knowledge of two noble
truths to everyone. In particular, students of Nalas Nalanda
are allowed to use Nalanda as their name if they practice
spreading the understanding of the two truths to everyone
equally. Then, his students also became Nalandas, and they
were the ones who pr eached the doctrine of full
enlightenment to everyone.

My endless memories were suddenly replaced by
memories of the lecture of Nalas Nalanda, my respected
teacher. When his warm words were played, I noticed that in
today's speech, he gave on the four commandments of Nalas
Nalanda in the gathering of humanity. Luckily, I can
remember his lectures in detail and precisely as they were.
It's a wonderful thing. Please join me in the teacher's warm
teachings.
Then the teacher said, "In the history of humanity, there
have been countless people who, out of suffering and hurt,
have sought the release of suffering. Because of affliction and
ignorance, numerous people seek enlightenment to be at
peace, to become wisdom. Countless people have practised on
the path to enlightenment to help themselves and other
suffering people.
Did you know they were successful? Did they attain
enlightenment or full enlightenment? In human history, in
this universe, has anyone achieved those things? These are
difficult questions for you.
Put a smile on your face, even though your body is in
pain from illness, even though your mind is disturbed by
afflictions, by suffering in torments. Please shake it off for
now, listen to what I say, look and think about the times I
laugh. My smile helps you become loving, warm, and filled
with enlightenment.
After learning the two truths, you will understand
everything from the tiniest particle of energy to yourself, the
tuelinh, humanity, the origin of humanity, and the entire
universe. You need to remember that, in this universe, there
is only one fully enli ghtened person, God, also known as

The Four Commandments of God in the Gathering of Humanity

Buddha. There are many enlightened ones. The rest are
immersed in suffering and the gradual destruction of the
tuelinh. At this time, you have questions about those answers.
That is great because it helps us activate the informational
natures of our souls when interacting with valuable
information. Each lesson I share with you will be the magic
key to unlock the secret pieces for yourself, others, all species,
tuelinhs, humanity, and the universe. Relax and listen to each
lecture, then you will understand and find it easy to overcome
all suffering and illness in this human life.
Do you know who the ancestors of humans are? What
is the origin of humans? Did humans evolve from animals or
some species on this Earth? Many religions and researchers
have answered this question. Some religions believe that
people come from some distant p lanet in the universe. Some
believe God punishes people; hence, they have to suffer on
this Earth. Some researchers believe that humans evolved
from an animal on Earth. All of these answers cause confusion
and anxiety for humans. From those points of view, we are
vague and do not assert the truth about our origins, from
which we do not know what we exist and live for, what our
mission is, and where we go after we die. We are completely
unaware or vague, even misinterpreted, about these things.
Then, we sink into suffering with no way out. We will fail even
if we try to find enlightenment in all forms. There are many
cases of failure, but they think it is a success on the path to
enlightenment. Because you and humanity misunderstand
the origins and duties of human beings, when suffering,
people leave their families, parents, spouses, and children to
go away searching for enlightenment in some pure place.

Those are the consequences of creating suffering after
suffering for the next life without even realizing the truth of
the enlightenment people have been searching for.
You have heard my lecture on the three elements that
make up the human being, the three elements that make up
the tuelinh, a little secret of the tuelinh, and why the human
life form was formed. I will tell you all the secrets of the
universe, of tuelinh, of man. When you receive all that
accurate and valuable information, the soul within you will
become strong and have the wisdom to merge with the body
and the brain. Then, you become enlightened people. Next,
practice in human life to become an enlightened being.
You must know and always remember about the four
commandments of God in the gathering of humanity. It helps
you remember your roots of humanity, your duties as a
human being, and your responsibilities to yourself, animals,
things, and everyone around you.
Before the congress of gathering humanity took place,
on Earth, there was an entire system of vegetation with vast
forests, from minor to enormous rivers, and the vast ocean,
rolling hills and mountains. Animals on the ground with
countless species live in rivers, lakes and seas, and those that
can fly high above the ground. In particular, he created an
ideal environment not to create danger to people's lives when
they appear. Those are ferocious animals that are destroyed
by climate change and natural disa sters. The living
environment is created to ensure that people can live and
develop further.
After the habitat for humans on Earth was ensured,
Nalas Nalanda created many gathering points for humankind

The Four Commandments of God in the Gathering of Humanity

on Earth. The locations are held on the edge of large river
areas, next to the coast, near the forest, in the forest, and the
mountains. These gathering locations will not be able to know
about each other's presence. They will live separately from
each oth er for a long time to grow from a small group of
people into larger communities. Then, people between
locations will discover each other, creating complexity in
people's lives. That is the process built for humanity after the
great gathering of humanity.
The human gathering places were created around the
same time, one after the other, under the direction of Nalas
Nalanda. In each location, he had four commandments to
teach the first humans on Earth, which were their first lessons
in the human world. Besid es, the animals considered it their
lesson when summoned to participate in the human
gathering.
The humanity gathering congress takes place as
follows: at each gathering point, many tuelinhs are
participating in incarnation as humans in the human world.
Four tuelinhs will transform into a family, including a father,
mother, son, and daughter. There w ere more than four
incarnated households in each location. He summoned the
animals from all directions to listen to his teachings. The
tuelinhs were assigned to incarnate to perform the duties of
father, mother, son, and daughter before the conference took
place. They went through the tuelinhs conference in heaven
to thoroughly grasp the contents for the path of practice in
human form in the human world. Four tuelinhs on duty in a
family stand close to each other; they stand apart from other
families. House holds stand in a circle, and in the middle is

Nalas Nalanda. When the animals fully attended, they stood
among the households and behind them. He began using his
miraculous power to move the smallest particles of five
energy groups from the universe's space to the gathering
place. Those groups of ener getic particles move like
tornadoes with countless particles and aggregate at the
tuelinhs. Each tuelinh has a vortex of the smallest simple
energy particles that merge with the tuelinh standing on the
task of incarnation. This process happens very quickly ; a
moment later, complete people are formed. The father and
mother have tall and mature bodies, and the daughter and son
have small bodies. Men have rugged beauty and muscular
strength, while women have gentle beauty and grace. They do
not have clothes to cover their bodies, mainly because they
have gender differences, but they do not have any shyness or
shame. The animals expressed surprise at his creation of
humans by combining the simple energy particles to form a
body and the tuelinh with transcendent intelligence within
that body. That also makes the tuelinhs excited and worried
when they no longer have the magic to fly or transform. They
have to put on a form with countless cells inside the body, a
complete living organism. At that time, because of th eir
curiosity about the human body, which was very strange, one
person immediately asked him, "Father, how should we use
and operate this body?" He replied, "I make your bodies from
the smallest simple particles of five energy groups, which are
clumped together, linked together to create the parts of the
body, all of them encrypted information to do the task of
creating life when there is tuelinh residing inside. Adapt to

The Four Commandments of God in the Gathering of Humanity

your new body, and practice your human life based on my
four commandments."
Then the first humans said to him, "Please teach us. We
will remember your teachings." He looked at each household
and animal in turn, and then he gave four commandments,
"The first thing you must remember: I brought you down here
to be human with holy tuelinh, and when you return, you must
also return with holy tuelinh. The second: I have given you a
mission to give each other children so they can become a
family, have children, and build humanity into greatness. The
third thing: I give you the mission of taming the souls of
animals so that they become humans like you. The fourth
thing is that you will have to go through all the sufferings and
tribulations for many lifetimes practising in human form until
you can transform the yin and yang embryos into an e nergy
filter, full enlightenment. My children, I suggest: to quickly
attain the energy filter in the yin and yang embryos or become
enlightened, you should seek the truth of the universe in each
suffering and enlighten them."
Then, he instructs those people how to practice human
life so that they build and develop their group to become
larger and more robust. The same happens at the other
gathering points. Besides, he remembered to encourage the
first people who laid the foundation to build humanity so that
other tuelinhs could incarnate as humans.
The miracle of the creation of humanity is that he uses
his magical power to operate the smallest simple energy
particles to combine with each tuelinh to form a complete
human being. Only first, when he created humans, he used
that method. The next generation of humans will be born by a

reproductive mechanism that combines a woman's egg and a
man's sperm.
You will find it difficult to understand why each
member of the family has different functions and duties, such
as the woman having the ability to get pregnant and give birth
to a baby and the man having the same function as the woman
to create a fetus and functions that develop and protect their
loved ones, children with learning tasks, and more. That is not
difficult to understand; it is all a secret of encrypted
information. Before the tuelinhs were incarnated as humans,
they knew their duties and receiv ed information and tasks
from him. Then, for their mission to be carried out properly,
he used the smallest infinities of energy particles to combine
to create body parts to ensure the functions of each person. In
particular, in the energy particles, there is a chain of
information inside. When linked, they have created a
difference in function in the human body and between men
and women. When the first humans performed their
functions, their children would observe those actions. Those
actions are all infor mational and will be encoded in the yin
and yang energy embryos within their tuelinh. This process
forms the genetic element for humans in future generations.
When it comes to encrypted information, this is the
secret of the universe, people, and tuelinhs. I will share it with
you in other lessons. Information is the key to opening the
door to understanding everything in and out of the universe,
yourself, other people, animals, and spirits.
So, today, I have taught you about the origin of our
humanity. We are present in this world with a clear mission,
so our responsibility is to fulfil that mission. The four

The Four Commandments of God in the Gathering of Humanity

commandments are the guidelines for each person to rely on
and practice. Try through suffering and tribulation to
understand the truth of all things and enlighten them. Only
when you do that you can transform the yin and yang embryo
into an energy filter. At that time, you become holy tuelinh
after practising for countless lives with the toxins that defile
yourself.
I will share other secrets from his four commandments
and human gathering in other relevant sermons. Step by step,
those secret doors help you gain the wisdom of all things, and
you will have the power to transform your yin and yang
embryos through the path of understanding the truth of the
universe and practising enlightenment in all suffering.