Chapter Ten

Congress of Unifying the Practising Path of
The Tuelinhs

The teacher entered the classroom even though it was
still early and it wasn't time to lecture, but the students
arrived earlier than him. He heard the sounds of their
conversation interspersed with the lecture on the Congress of
Humanity, which some students recorded and played back.
When the class hadn't started, he was still sipping hot tea and
listening to the sounds of the previous lecture. Interspersed
with conversations and a last speech, he suddenly heard a
young student asking everyone, "Why do tuelinhs have to
transform into humans? Why do people have to tame the
animals so that their souls can also incarnate as humans?" He
thought that was an excellent question for a young person.
And then, he decided to take those two questions as the topic
and content of today's lecture.
When the class was full, he began his lecture.
"In the last lesson, you learned about the origin of
people through the Congress of Humanity. You even know the
mission of humans in the human world. Perhaps from the
time you listened to that lecture until today, you have felt

pressured because you must go through all the sufferings and
tribulations in countless lives. Because you must reform the
yin and yang embryo, pressure becomes an energy filter to
produce super-energies. Besides those pressures, questions
that need to be c larified will appear in your mind. That is
obvious when you first learn the knowledge of the two truths.
However, after you finish studying, you will not need to ask
any questions because the understanding of everything
already exists in you by the magic of the accurate information
values in the knowledge of two truths.
Hey you, I just saw an informational reaction in the soul
and brain of a young student in our class. It is a wonderful
reaction we must have, because it will help us discover and
understand everything, ourselves and the tuelinh life form.
The student asked , "Why do tuelinhs have to transform into
humans? Why do people have to tame the animals so that
their souls can also incarnate as humans?" These two
questions relate to today's lesson you are learning now. That
is reacting information in the yin and yang embryo with
information in the external environment. Informational
reactions like this will help the intellectual nature of the
tuelinh to be revealed. When the information reaction has
enough pressure and compression, it will help the tuelinh to
release toxins or compassion. Those are the initial successes
on the human journey in the human world. And then you need
to force those toxins out of your soul, and then you have to
activate compassion in your soul being. That is called
enlightenment.
What did God do with the Earth to create a practising
environment for people? Does anybody know? "Yes, Master,

Congress of Unifying the Practising Path of The Tuelinhs

God used his magic and miracles to create the Earth, the
plants, and the animals. After that, the gathering of people
took place." Such understanding was proper when people still
needed to develop science and technology. However, at this
time, when people develop in terms of science and
technology, they require explanations based on science and
logic. Therefore, the answer must be logical. Even though they
know that science is just experiences and studies of simple
matter, they can't see or study super-matter, which are souls
in the human world and tuelinh life forms in the universe.
Nalas Nalanda had to see so many tuelinhs disintegrate
and annihilate by the energy of destruction. His pain was
when he had to watch his children's death. He tried to teach
the tuelinhs to ensure safety from the destructive energy
storms in the universe. He even looked for methods to help
the tuelinhs to cope and not perish when they were attacked
by destructive energy. But all failed. Then, he observed the life
of the tuelinh life-form with his own life since his yin and yang
energy embryo was formed in destructive energy. His energy
embryo remained safe, growing into a giant energy sphere.
After the explosion of that energy sphere occurred, he
majestically appeared in the centre as a mature tuelinh. Then,
he built the entire life of this universe. He re-observed all the
information stored in his yin and yang embryo from when it
was formed until before he created the practising
environment for all tuelinhs. He saw two things that set him
apart from all other tuelinhs: First, the original yin and yang
particles that created his yin and yang embryo, as well as that
of the universe, were from the primordial green wave -
particle, while the yin and yang embryos of the tuelinhs and

all things in the universe were copied and produced from his
yin and yang embryos. Second, he was born in a harsh
environment by the constant onslaught of destructive energy,
but the process of his birth and growth was still safe; while
tuelinhs are born and raised in an ideal environment, they do
not face birth and death right from the birth of yin and yang
embryos. Those two significant differences cause the tuelinhs
to decay when moving into the space of the destructive energy
or to be attacked in large numbers by the destructive energy.
In contrast, he was formed from an embryo of the most
wonderful yin and yang energy in and out of the universe,
from the past to the future. That shows that he is unique and
the only one. His yin and yang embryo can absorb and
transform destructive energy into the five energy groups that
make up the universe. In particular, after practising the
practising path later, he upgraded his yin and yang embryo
transformation into a single energy filter to produce golden
super energy.
From those differences, he found a suitable planet to
research and find the best method to help tuelinhs mature,
transform yin and yang embryos to produce energy
superparticles and become immortal. Earth was the planet he
chose to research how to save tuelinhs.
Before deciding to bring incarnations of tuelinhs as
humans in the human world, he went through two stages of
research. Those two stages are based on his idea of creating
an environment opposite to living in paradise. It is a living
environment with maximum compression and pressure, and
there will be nothing but suffering. Because he thinks that by
doing so, the tuelinhs will reveal all the secrets in their yin and

Congress of Unifying the Practising Path of The Tuelinhs

yang embryos, thereby finding a mechanism or method to
save them. If the study is successful, it will help him find and
confirm the success of bringing the tuelinhs incarnate as
humans.
The two research phases include:
1. Phase one, research on vegetation and tree systems:
To create a system of vegetation and trees, he used his
ability to manipulate energy to agglomerate infinitely many
simple energy particles to form each species in the vegetation
and tree system. To enable them to survive and thrive in the
early Earth envi ronment, he created changes by energetic
reactions. From there, they can live and develop until now. As
he created individual units of trees or vegetation, he brought
energy structures with complex intellectual wave codes to
rest within them. Thus, in ever y plant and tree, there is a
complex energy structure residing within. It combines simple
and complicated matter to form a reaction that interacts and
develops. That is similar to that tuelinhs are born and
nourished by rare quartz crystals in heaven. The gem crystals
that are simple matter have helped the super -matter that is
the yin and yang embryo with the super complex intellectual
wave code to mature and become a tuelinh baby.
The Earth's environment is harsh because there is day
and night, heat and cold. That is the maximum compression
and pressure in challenging the survival and development of
trees and vegetation.
This time, the object of his research is the energy
structures inside the plants, within the vegetation system,
which is complex energy. He needs to know the outcome of

the process by which they reacted to the harshness of the
environment through their hosts, trees and vegetation.
Over a long time, trees and vegetation systems have
adapted and grown continuously in harsh weather and
climate. In particular, the system of complex energy particle
structures residing inside has matured very quickly. They
generate many energy particles a nd become larger and
stronger structures.
From the results of the first research stage, he found
that complex matter structures must live in an environment
of maximum pressure and compression when residing in
simple matter structures. They will grow up faster than in a
pure and peaceful environment. It helped him decide to carry
out a second phase of research.
2. Phase two, research on animals:
He decided to increase the compression and pressure
at this stage compared to stage one. That is, he created many
species of animals, from underwater to on the ground and in
the air. Herbivores and carnivores. They will create a variety
of information reac tions for each species when it comes to
survival in extreme weather, climate, and interspecies killing
for survival.
To create each animal species, he still uses his unique
ability to manipulate energy to create diverse animals. It is
exciting and magical. He used the smallest simple particles of
five energy groups to create bodies and give large -scale
complex energy particle structures to reside inside each
animal's body.

Congress of Unifying the Practising Path of The Tuelinhs

The object of research at this stage continues to be
complex energy structures. God uses complex energy
structures that exist in ancient tree trunks and rocks. He uses
complex energy structures of varying degrees of maturity to
reside in different types of animals. For complex energy
structures that are still small and weak, he will allow them to
live in the insect form, which is smaller. For complex energy
structures at a more mature level, he will enable them to
reside in the bodies of larger animals. Because he used many
complex energy structures that differed between yin and yang
particles in their yin and yang embryos, this research phase
gave him various research samples and resulting evaluations.
The results will be very accurate.
He creates each animal as follows: When creating each
animal, he uses a group of complex energy structures, which
he calls the animal's soul. He transmitted information to
encode their functions and tasks so that they would function
according to their functions when they incarnate as animals.
Next, he used the smallest simple particles of five energy
groups in cosmic space to agglomerate and integrate into each
complex energy structure. As they clump together, he
continues to pass information into them to e ncode their
functions and duties. When he created each species, he would
make the complete set of males, females, and their offspring.
Some species will include males, females and eggs. They all
have information encoded when created to develop their
species according to their functions. Only the first time he
created a new species, he used this method. Then, they must
undergo a reproductive mechanism to grow the number of
species. For example, he would make a complete rooster,

mother hen, and eggs to generate chicken species. When he
created them, he encoded mission information for them, and
then the hen would incubate those eggs to develop chicks. The
task between the rooster and the hen is to mate to create new
eggs to become chicks. Note that they were all created at the
same time, which is similar to how the first humans appeared.
When he created each animal species, he would let them exist
in a safe place where no other species would know them. As
they increase in number, th ey will be detected by different
species to create interactions between species.
After a very long period of study and observation, he
succeeded brilliantly. The successes during this research
phase include:
- Toxins, also known as information in the souls of
animals, are released: These are animals competing for mates
and food with other species. Those are animals that kill other
species to survive.
- Compassion, also known as good information, in the
souls of animals is revealed: These are willing to sacrifice to
protect their children and herds. Those are animals that only
eat grass and vegetation instead of killing other animals to
survive. The ani mals unite to protect their flock from attack
and killing by other wild animals.
- Complex energy structures – souls inside animals
have matured after they have activated compassion or decay
rapidly after unleashing toxins over many lifetimes in the
form of animals.
From the achievements in the above two research
periods, he realized that the tuelinh life form needs a living
environment like the habitat of animals. Such an environment

Congress of Unifying the Practising Path of The Tuelinhs

will help all tuelinhs reveal the entire nature of information
within their original yin and yang embryos. Also, from the
research results, he found two directions of transformation of
souls in animals, including transformation in sustainability
and transf ormation in the direction of decay. They are
transformed in the direction of decomposition when toxins
are released, leading to actions that harm other animals.
Change is sustainable when compassion is revealed, leading
efforts to help and protect other animals.
From the results of the above two stages of research, he
saw the most miraculous method to help tuelinhs reveal the
whole nature of the information within them. Besides, he also
has a magical way to help the tuelinhs force out all the toxins
and activate c ompassion in the yin and yang embryos for
sustainable transformation, to mature and transform the yin
and yang embryos into energy filters in the future energy.
Then he decided to build and implement a plan to incarnate
as humans for the tuelinhs in the Ea rthly environment. That
is a plan to help tuelinhs understand themselves, thereby
understanding other tuelinhs, all things in and out of the
universe, including the energy of destruction - the object that
disintegrates tuelinhs.
Before bringing the tuelinhs to incarnate as humans, he
improved the living environment on Earth to be more suitable
to help humans survive, but there was nothing but suffering.
He eliminated animals dangerous to human survival when the
tuelinhs incarnated as humans. After completing those tasks,
he organized a congress to unify the path of practice in human
form for the tuelinh life form. The congress was held in
heaven.

At the congress, there were all the participating
tuelinhs. They all listened attentively to Nalas Nalanda's
explanation of the practising path in human form in the
human world.
At that time, he sat beside a table with a large plate
containing a white powder while other tuelinhs stood around
him. He said, "I have created a habitable environment on a
planet where I have placed complex energy structures within
simple matter such as plants and animals. They survive in
extreme environments in terms of climate, weather, and life
and death. While observing the unfolding of the nature of the
information within each yin and yang embryo of complex
energy structures, I have found the ideal p ath to help all
tuelinhs fully reveal their intellectual nature yourself and the
path of sustainable transformation. The peaceful and free
environment in paradise is not ideal to help you reveal your
intellectual nature, so you cannot grow up, confront the
destructive energy, and your destruction is inevitable. All of
you need to live and study in a different environment, which
is the environment where plants, trees and animals live. You
will live in a simple material body and a harsh environment to
fully reveal your intellectual nature, thereby learning how to
eliminate toxins and activate compassion. If you do that, you
will grow up and become immortal."
After a while, he said to a tuelinh standing beside him,
"Bring the venomous snakes here." Then, that tuelinh brought
a large plate of venomous snakes to him. Nalas Nalanda
immediately dropped all the small venomous snakes into a
plate of white powder. He fell a small and a big snake to the
ground. The small snakes in the white dough plate had

Congress of Unifying the Practising Path of The Tuelinhs

slithered into that white dough plate; no one could see them
above the plate. The big snake slithered into the nearby
bushes, and the small snake slithered behind. Then he asked
the tuelinhs, "Has anyone seen those snakes?" Everyone
answered him, "Father, we don't see them anymore."
He looked at the tuelinhs and said, "My children, the
small snakes hidden deep in the dough plate represent the
toxin hidden within yourself and in the other tuelinhs; it is
hidden in compassion, and you don't know it; I call it you not
understanding yourself and other tuelinhs. The small snake
slithering into the bush is the toxin that exists in all things in
the universe, and you do not understand them; I call it you do
not understand all things in the universe. The big snake
slithered into the bush, and you did not understand it; I call it
you do not understand the energy of destruction. So, you have
three things you don't understand. These three things prevent
you from growing up; the energy of destruction easily
disintegrates you."
After reflection, he continued, "To save all of tuelinhs
and this universe, I must use the toxin to activate the poison.
That is, to use the toxins of each tuelinh to activate the toxins
of other tuelinhs to manifest, it is to use the toxins of all things
to activate the toxins of each tuelinh to manifest. The most
significant poison, the destructive energy, will reveal its true
nature. When the toxins are completely released, you will
understand yourself and other tuelinhs, all things, and the
energy of destruction. Finally, you must practice eliminating
the toxins within and activating compassion. If you want to
understand those three secrets, grow up, and be immortal,
you must incarnate in human form and live in an environment

with nothing but suffering for many human lives in the human
world. It's not easy. It was extremely arduous, and endured
countless sufferings. But as a result, you will become
immortal and produce new energy to help the universe
become sustainable. Therefore, we need tuelinhs who vow to
become the first incarnation to build humanity. Then, one
after another, other tuelinhs will incarnate as humans to
make a more complex and harsh practising environment.
When he finished speaking, the tuelinhs said in unison,
"Father, I would like to be transformed into a human first." "It
is wonderful, and I call it the great vow to be a human of the
tuelinhs. That is a great vow because it saves you and all life
forms in and outside the universe when you succeed on your
path of practice in the human world."
Because they saw a bright future ahead, the tuelinhs
became enthusiastic to pioneer incarnating as humans, and
other tuelinhs waited to become humans in the future. He
continued, "In the human world, I will create countless
situations, countless interactio n scenarios to help you
unleash your full intellectual nature. Therefore, I will build
four forms of life that you must live in, through which you can
experience suffering and transform your yin and yang
embryo. That is the form of the family, the form of society, the
form of the nation, and the form of teachers and students. I
will encode these four forms in the four commandments at the
gathering of humanity on Earth. Prepare yourselves for the
journey of human incarnation, first of all, the gathering of
humanity."
Thus, the congress of the tuelinhs unified the path of
human incarnation of the tuelinh that he proposed, including

Congress of Unifying the Practising Path of The Tuelinhs

the tuelinh living in human form must live in four forms in life
to create interactions. Those interactions are what create the
toxin to activate poison. When the poison is activated, it is the
tribulation and suffering that people have to go through.
Through suffering in human form, tuelinhs will understand
themselves and other tuelinhs, all things, and the energy of
destruction. Then, the tuelinhs can f orce out toxins and
activate kindness to transform their yin and yang embryos.
That is why the tuelinhs have to live in human form and suffer
countless tribulations.
On the question of why should animals be tamed so that
their soul can incarnate as humans? There are two reasons:
through their practice, Nalas Nalanda saw how to save the
tuelinhs. All living things, including plants and animals, are
born from the smallest energy particles of Nalas Nalanda's yin
and yang embryo. So, they have equal rights as tuelinhs.
Therefore, when the tuelinhs incarnate as humans, they must
be responsible for taming them so that the energy structure
within them can be transformed sustai nably. When there is
enough quantity and quality in the intellectual wave code
system inside the yin and yang embryo, their souls will be
upgraded and become tuelinhs. Then they will continue to
reincarnate in human form to become more mature."
When listening to the teacher finished, everyone was
happy because they understood the root cause of his
teachings in gathering humanity.