Chapter Eleven

The Ignorant Wisdom

The students’ attentiveness and radiant faces were still
directed at the Teacher while he was sipping a cup of hot tea.
Many of those students have different illnesses, and many
have been experiencing suffering in life. However, their
illnesses seemed shaken off, and t heir sufferings seemed
liberated when they heard the first lectures of their teacher's
knowledge. A moment of quiet, peace, and happiness occurs
inside each person, where their souls are immersed in the
memories of their origin, homeland, and great vows be fore
incarnating as humans. Those souls have gone through many
lifetimes of practice in human form, countless sufferings and
tribulations, and the toxins released have made them forget
everything about their origin and mission. And now, they
have those memories back, so they are enjoying the joy within
their human form. That joy made tears fall down their cheeks.
Some students tried to hide their tearful emotions by covering
their faces with their hands. I know that, and I am hiding tears
of joy when I see souls awakened after many lifetimes of
suffering along with their bodies.

The quiet moment suddenly disappeared when a
student asked the Teacher, "Teacher, I don't understand why
every time I listen to you r lecture, my body becomes warm,
hot all over the body, even sweating. While the weather is
freezing." "Teacher, I feel the same way." The other students
continued. The Teacher smiled and replied, "That is very
good. It is an information reaction between th e negative
information already in your soul and the true information
with value for sustainable development of tuelinh. Nega tive
information carries negative electrical waves, and positive
information carries positive ones. Negative information
makes your soul and body cold and sick. When receiving
positive and truthful information, your body will warm and
hot after the initial reaction." Another student immediately
asked the Teacher, "Teacher, are the initial reactions when
listening to your lectures include drowsiness, headaches,
nausea, itching all over the body, and even sharp pain in the
bones?" "That's right. Those strong reactions are due to the
soul contain ing too much toxic information and negative
energy particles. Therefore, strong reactions will occur when
positive energy from true information moves into your soul.
After that process, your body will become warm and hot.
When your body becomes warm and hot, your soul has been
balanced by positive information. That is the first principle for
healing your illnesses, including mental and physical illness."
"Teacher, it's amazing. In previous classes, I saw my
body burning hot and sweating. But I thought this
phenomenon occurred because the class was crowded. But
when I played back the Teacher's lectures that I had recorded
to listen to at home, my body went from cold to warm and hot,

The Ignorant Wisdom

even though it was freezing inside and outside the house. It's
amazing." "So, you are realizing the information reaction
mechanism between information in the outside environment
and information already in your soul. When they react with
each other, they wi ll create manifestations, and you will
notice that."
Perhaps because they know he likes to drink hot tea, his
students always bring new cups to his table. Indeed, when he
drinks tea, it helps him concentrate and connect closely with
the memories and wisdom in his tuelinh. After the Teacher
chatted with his s tudents and sipped a cup of hot tea, he
continued his lecture.
"Hey friends, after the great gathering of humanity, one
after another, the tuelinhs were incarnated into humans
through the reproductive mechanism between men and
women. Groups of people at each gathering point became
crowded and increased rapidly in numb er over many
generations. Those people have immersed themselves in
survival in the human world. They no longer remember his
four commandments. However, his teachings were encoded
into their lives right from the time of the first humans on
Earth. They marri ed their children to each other, so they
became new families. They gave birth to children, and that has
continued until now. They have tamed many wild animals to
become good animals, which continues to this day. Countless
souls of animals have been incarna ted into humans after
being upgraded into tuelinh structures. They live in all the
interactions from the four forms of life, which create
informational reactions and reveal their intellectual nature.
People have been searching for enlightenment in suffering; as

a result, one of them has become fully enlightened, and
countless people are enlightened. From small groups of
people living separately, they developed into large groups to
become tribes and nations like today. When groups of people
know about each other, countless interactions occur, making
the human practice environment complex. These things have
helped the Earth become an ideal living environment to help
tuelinhs incarnate as humans with complete interaction
scenarios to understand their nature.
From the practice process of the tuelinhs in the human
world, from the practice lives of the tuelinh Nalas Nalanda, he
understood all the nature of wisdom within each tuelinh, each
person, and all things in the universe and even destructive
energy. His kno wledge is immeasurable, and I cannot fully
describe his wisdom. However, I will try to talk about him
until I complete this human life.
In today's speech, I will talk about the ignorance of
wisdom.
To thoroughly understand the ignorance of wisdom,
you need to define and explain what wisdom is. What is
ignorance? To help you easily understand and fully
understand, I will use the basic knowledge of the smallest
energy particle to explain it to you. Onc e you have become
acquainted with and understand the smallest energy particle
more, I will analyze the knowledge of the two truths in the
smallest energy particle. Then, you will thoroughly
understand the knowledge of these two noble truths. That
means it's not like I haven't taught you about the knowledge
of the two truths. I have been preaching about the two truths
since the first lesson, and what I said and preached is the

The Ignorant Wisdom

knowledge of the two truths. Remember, this knowledge is
not easy to understand or practice correctly. Therefore, I have
been converting them into the simplest lectures for you to
understand. After that, you will learn about it at a more
challenging level, and the practice level will be more difficult.
When listening and learning the knowledge of the two truths,
you concentrate and receive information in a relaxed mood. It
will help you understand more easily.
What is wisdom? That is the first thing you must
understand adequately about it. You can understand it in the
following ways:
- Intelligence is the quantity and quality of information.
Information is everything, events, phenomena, people,
tuelinh, animals, images, sounds, language, emotions,
thoughts, ideologies, and interactive actions.
- Or it can be understood that wisdom understands all
things, events, phenomena, and the worldview of each
tuelinh, human, animal, and all things. Understanding
encompasses the inside and outside of each subject.
What is ignorance? It is not understanding or
misunderstanding the truth of information in all things,
events, phenomena, tuelinh, people, and animals.
Therefore, the ignorance of wisdom can be understood
as follows:
- It is not understanding the information within oneself
and all things, events, and phenomena in and outside the
universe.
- It is the retention of quantity and quality of false
information within oneself.

Intelligence is information stored in the intellectual
wave code of the smallest energy particle. When an energy
particle is produced, inside it h olds the entire image of the
interactive environment, sounds, language, emotions,
thoughts, and actions of the subject that created that energy
particle interact ed and end ed with action. Therefore, the
energy particle is intelligence. From the smallest energy
particles, they connect to form larger physical structures,
creating all things, events, and phenomena in and outside the
universe. The process of existence and interaction of all
things, events, phenomena, intelligence, people, and animals
will reveal the wisdom of ignorance and enlightenment.
Ignorant wisdom is not understanding or misunderstanding
the true nature of information from the smallest particle of
energy to all things, events, phenomena, and oneself. I am
talking about combining the basic knowledge of the smallest
energy particle with the knowledge of the two truths. Please
receive and listen or read many times to understand. Because
when you know it, the secret pieces about yourself and
everything will be easily decoded in the following lessons.
Because humans are formed from a simple body and
inner tuelinh, when talking about the wisdom of ignorance, I
will analyze it, including the wisdom of ignorance of the
tuelinh when not incarnated as a human; and the ignorant
wisdom of the tuelinh when residing in human form is called
the ignorant wisdom of humans.
1. The ignorant wisdom of the tuelinhs.
The ignorance of the tuelinh when not incarnating as a
human means not understanding itself and other tuelinhs, not
understanding all things in the universe, and not

The Ignorant Wisdom

understanding the energy of destruction. Understanding
failure is failure to understand the nature of information.
Because they do not understand, they sink into suffering and
are disintegrated by the energy of destruction.
2. The ignorant wisdom of the humans
The ignorant wisdom of humans includes the ignorant
wisdom of tuelinhs. Because the tuelinh resides in the human
body, humans inherit the tuelinh's ignorance.
Because humans are composed of three elements:
body, tuelinh and wisdom, and because they live in the
practising environment of the human world; Therefore,
human ignorance is revealed in manifestations that each
person can perceive. Those manifestations re sult from the
interaction and information reaction process between each
person's external and internal environments . It can also be
understood in another way. It results from the interaction
process in four forms of human life: family form, social form,
national form, and teacher-student form.
Through the journey of practice in many human
generations, many lifetimes of each tuelinh, the information
containing toxins - the wisdom of ignorance, has been
revealed in countless manifestations. All of them are gathered
into ten expressions of human ignorance: ignorance because
of possession and non -possession; success in wishing and
failure in wishing; love and hatred; possession of wisdom and
non-possession of wisdom; action and inaction. The ten
manifestations of the wisdom of ignorance are grouped into
five pairs of categories, and they are toxins that are fully
revealed in the root yin and yang embryo of each tuelinh.
Discussing ten manifestations of ignorant wisdom:

- The ignorant wisdom about possession. That is a
group of ignorant wisdom because we do not understand
ourselves: we do not understand the three elements that
make up a human being : body, soul, and intellectual; the
mission and origin of the soul; and the essence of the soul. Not
understanding others is like not understanding yourself. Not
understanding all things, events, and phenomena in life and
the universe means not understanding tuelinh life forms, the
purpose of their human incarnation, their na ture and
suffering, and n ot understanding the nature of the energy
groups that make up the universe and the destructive energy.
From that ignorance, the human mind is clung, bound to the
forms of ownership that people have. At that time, people will
not see the truth of life, the meaning of life, the nature of
information, their toxins, the toxins of people and all things.
They only know how to cling and be tied to the things they
have to satisfy them. That leads to a person's life passing very
quickly with sat isfaction in the things people possess. They
are unaware of the toxins in their souls; they are unaware of
the hidden goodness and cannot activate them. They become
people who do not help others, animals, and everything from
that ignorance. They become even more cruel and cruel when
they harm other people, animals and things to protect their
possessions. We can see: there are girls who, because of
ignorance about their beauty, take advantage of it to engage
in prostitution, destroying the h appiness of other families;
There are people who have a lot of money and possessions,
they indulge in enjoyment and debauchery, even satisfying
dirty pleasures such as adultery or having many girls or boys
other than their spouses; Some people, because they have

The Ignorant Wisdom

positions and power, pass policies that benefit their interest
groups without caring about people's lives; There are national
leaders who see themselves as powerful nations, so they
suppress the military and economy of other countries, and
even invade to weaken other nations in order to protect their
strength; There are sick people who think that they are sick
so their relatives have to take care of them, they become angry
and make their relatives suffer; On the contrary, there are
people who, when their loved ones are sick, do not care about
the ill person, and even scold and trample on the sick person.
There are also countless manifestations of human ignorance
in their lives.
- The ignorant wisdom about non-possession. That is
another group of human ignorance, which is the opposite of
possession. However, this ignorant wisdom also manifests the
three things that each person does not understand: not
understanding oneself and others, not understanding all
things, events, and phenomena in life and the universe, and
not understanding the energy of destruction. From there,
people cling, become confused, and are bound to forms others
possess that they do not have. The toxicity of this type of
ignorance results from an exciting reaction process between
the external environment and the internal environment. The
external environment is the form that other people possess.
The internal environment is the lack of specific forms that
other pe ople have. The process of information reaction
between two environments leads to comparison in ignorance,
and the result is the creation of ignorant wisdom because of
non-possession. The result of this ignorant wisdom is that the
nature of the information in the yin and yang embryo is

released in combination with external toxic information
containing toxins. We can see: there are beautiful girls,
because they don't have wealth, while they see other girls,
other people have wealth, so they use their bodies to become
rich like prostitution, becoming the lover of a married person;
There are rich people, they see other wealthy people have
many beautiful girls by their side, so they also look for girls
who are willing to become their mistresses for money, this
leads to a decline in values mor ality and family happiness;
There are poor people, they see others are rich, they also want
to become rich, so they are willing to do illegal things to
become rich; There are people with power and position who
do not have wealth, so they accept bribes to s ell their
positions to others; There are people of low status, they see
wealth and power in high positions, they immediately use
money to buy titles; There are leaders of countries, they see
that their country is poor in resources, they send troops to
invade other countries to appropriate resources, resulting in
countless deaths.
- The ignorant wisdom about success in wishing. That
is also a product of needing to understand the three things
every human being and the tuelinh faces. This group of
ignorance is revealed and is a poison in the yin and yang
embryo of each soul in the human body. It is a product of
ignorance because of the lack of certain forms in life. When
people do not possess what others have, they will become
desperate to get it without their ability. It is the desire to have
possession. Then, they will use every meth od to get it. It can
be achieved through physical forms such as money, political
power, sex and beauty, and threats. It can be through praying

The Ignorant Wisdom

to God, Buddha, or the gods of their country. When they
achieve that possession, they become ignorant and think they
are truly talented and intelligent because they know how to
get what they desire. At that time, they became increasingly
clung, confused, a nd bound to different groups of ignorant
wisdom. We can see that there are young couples who, for
some reason, cannot have children, just because of the desire
to have children, the husband's parents or one of the couple
asks them to divorce to get married to other people and giving
birth; Some people, because they want to be promoted to
mandarins by using money to buy position, become arrogant
and cause many consequences to the people because they do
not have the qualities and ethics of an official; There are
people who commit many crimes against animals and other
people, but because of their religious views, they pray to
heaven to be baptized, and as a result, they think they have
God's forgiveness from God or Buddha. When they have
achieved what they wished for, they will again be bound to the
group of ignorance of possession. Besides, they will activate
the poison of ignorance in having wisdom, loving and acting.
- The ignorant wisdom about the failure in wishing.
This group of ignorance results from ignorance about not
having a particular form. When people have used every
method to hope for something, they are unable to do, and they
fail. Then, poison is released from their souls, the ignorance of
the failure in wishing. Those who do not achieve what they
desire will become hateful towards the people whose help
they hope to receive. Then, another type of ignorance is
revealed: the ignorance of hatred. Some people r esent and
curse even God, Buddha, and other gods because they have

offered many offerings to hope for something but have not
been satisfied. Not only are different groups of ignorance
revealed, but those people are also bound to the toxin of non-
possession. This group of factors is also born from ignorance
of the three things, like the above groups of ignorance.
- The ignorant wisdom about love. People develop
another toxic love group from not understanding the three
things and from ignorance of possession or non -possession.
When everyone hears about love, they think it is good.
However, we do not understand three things: about ourselves
and others, all things in the universe, and the energy of
destruction. Therefore, people are immersed in love without
recognizing their toxins when they arise, nor can they force
them out and activate kindness. Immersion in love ma kes
people miss their human lives to practice squeezing toxins
and activating goodness. We can see some people are
engrossed in loving and taking care of their own family but do
not devote their time and intelligence to helping others; Some
people control the person they love because of love between
men and women; Some people are willing to kill others to
protect the people they love; Some people are jealous and kill
the person they love. That is love in ignorance because it does
not bring good values to ot hers, the family, the person you
love, all things and all species. Once exposed and immersed in
the poison of love, people will sink into the poison of
resentment and the ignorance of possession and non -
possession.
- The ignorant wisdom about resentment and hatred.
Things you don't like about someone. Prejudices about other
races, ethnicities, or religions. Resentments because someone

The Ignorant Wisdom

makes you suffer. The animosity between people is because
of the wars they cause. These toxins have been released in
each soul's yin and yang embryo in the human body. That
ignorance originates from the ignorance of the tuelinh, and it
only breaks out when the tuelinh abides in a human body to
practice in the human world. This ignorance group makes it
impossible for the people releasing the toxins to realize that
they are ignorant. It is similar to other groups of ignorance. As
a result, it causes other gro ups of toxins to be revealed, and
people are immersed in different groups of ignorance, such as
ignorance of not having or failing in wishing.
- The ignorant wisdom about the possession of wisdom.
That is a group of toxins deeply embedded in the negative
intellectual wave code of the original yin and yang embryo in
the tuelinh. It only fully manifests when people interact as
teachers and students. In addition, it is common in all human
interactions when it involves sharing and transmitting
information. When this type of toxin breaks out, people will
become ignorant when they think they are more intelligent
than others because they have high degrees, are rich, and have
status. They become arrogant, look down on others, and even
hurt people. There are people with positions in the education
sector who think they are more intelligent than others and
promulgate policies that cause people and students to suffer.
Some people think they understand religion, believe they are
talented, and preach what they know without understanding
the truth of that knowledge. Some people believe that they are
more qualified than other students and even more capable
than the ir teachers, and as a result, they are arrogant and
insult teachers and classmates. Some people think they have

status and talent , so they don't talk to lower-class people.
From this group of ignorance, people will sink into the poison
of having intellect, love and hatred.
- The ignorant wisdom about the non -possession of
wisdom. The subjects of this toxic group outbreak are people
who are not fully educated, the poor, and people in low social
classes. Because they do not understand the three things like
other groups of ignorance, they easily explode and become
immersed in this group of ignorance. They feel apprehensive
when communicating with wealthy and prestigious people.
They are apprehensive and can endure humiliation and being
trampled on by others. They can accept being enslaved and
oppressed because of the ignorance they have. As a result,
they have no motivation in life to cultivate intelligence to
understand the worldview around them and the larger world.
They even accept that their lives pass in waste and
humiliation. They may be immersed in other ignorant groups,
such as non -possession, failure in wishing, hatred and
resentment.
- The ignorant wisdom about action. This ignorance
group results from ignorance such as possessing, not having,
loving, resenting and hating, having knowledge, not having
wisdom, success in wishing, and failure in wishing. When the
poison of any of the above groups of ignorant wisdom erupts
in their soul, they will emit the toxins of action. These are
actions to satisfy themselves with the forms in life, while they
do not help, and even cause harm to other people, animals, all
things and other tuelinhs. Thi s ignorance group is also the
product of needing to understand the three things like other
ignorance groups.

The Ignorant Wisdom

- The ignorant wisdom about inaction. This ignorance
group also originates from the lack of understanding of the
three things and is also the product of other groups of toxins
that have been breaking out. When different groups of
ignorance break out, people will not take action to h elp
others, all things, animals and other intelligent beings because
of their selfishness and satisfaction.
Hey you. The ten groups of ignorance are toxins in the
yin and yang embryo and the entire energy structure system
of the tuelinh. The root reason that people have these ten
groups of ignorance is that each person and their soul do not
understand themselves and others; they do not understand
all things, events, and phenomena in life and the universe;
they do not understand the energ y of destruction. Because
people need to understand the above three things, they do not
understand their origin and their tuelin h's mission in the
human world. As a result, they are immersed in toxins
unleashed to satisfy forms in all life interactions.
You should be happy because you have ignorance and
have been immersed in ignorance. "Teacher, why do you tell
us to be happy when immersed in ignorance?" A student
interrupted the teacher. "Hey friend, don't tuelinhs incarnate
into humans to have countless interactions from the four
forms in life? It will help them release all the toxins. Those
toxins are ignorance. Thus, the first goal of the path of practice
in the human world has been completed. Isn't achieving the
goal something to be happy about?" "So, what everyone will
do next, teacher?" "Study and carefully recognize the toxins in
the ten ignorance groups above. Then, control and destroy
them. Next, learn to recognize the groups of enlightened

wisdom and practice according to them. Learning and
practicing according to enlightened wisdom groups is the best
solution to eliminate toxins in the tuelinh, and help the tuelinh
produce sustainable energy particles so that the tuelinh can
mature and become a fully enlightened being." "Teacher, if we
share the knowledge of the two truths and the wisdom of
ignorance with others. Because they are immersed in life, they
don't believe or listen, so what should I do? "You have done
your job well, which is to practice spreading the value of true
information to everyone to awaken them. However, when
they do not believe or listen, let them experience what they
must go through fully and completely. They awaken only
when they experience suffering due to the effects o f toxins.
When they awaken, they will remember the information you
shared with them. Then they will practice controlling toxins
and activating kindness."