Chapter Twelve

The Enlightened Wisdom

"The opposite of ignorant wisdom is enlightened
wisdom. Just like the wisdom of ignorance, to understand the
wisdom of enlightenment, the tuelinhs must go through all
interactive scenarios in human life. That interactive process
will help activate the esse nce of information within the
original yin and yang energy embryo. The nature of the
information of the original positive particle is positive
information, true information that demonstrates the ability to
promote solidarity, spread, and sustainable develo pment for
ourselves and all things. It is the solution to control and
remove the toxins of negative particles." "Teacher, it is
challenging for people to recognize and understand the
wisdom of ignorance as well as the wisdom of enlightenment.
People have n o standards to judge which information is
ignorant and which is enlightened. People always follow the
crowd mentality, traditional views passed down from
previous generations, and the ideologies within each religion
they follow. I hope you will show everyo ne the standard
between the wisdom of ignorance and the wisdom of
enlightenment, which brings invaluable benefits to humans."

"Hey, you. Your question is right. It is the question of many
people. Different religions and philosophical views give their
views and think they are the best for everyone to learn and
practice. Besides, they try to refute other points of view. But
the opi nions they all give have no exact standards or
references. That makes people confused with those views.
However, knowledge of the two truths completely differs
from other religious and philosophical views. The knowledge
of the two truths and the knowledge of the smallest energy
particle is the standard, the exact reference for each person,
each tuelinh to understand the truth of themselves and other
people, all things and phenomena in the universe, and
destructive energy. That is why the two truths appeared in the
human world in this second great unification of humanity, and
that is also why I am present in the human world. When you
and everyone else learn all the knowledge of the two truths
and the knowledge of the smallest energy particle, everyone
will fully understand, not simply the wisdom of ignorance or
enlightenment." "Teacher, thank you. I will study to
understand the knowledge you are teaching fully."
The class was interrupted by a student's question for a
few minutes. Afterwards, the teacher sat beside the table and
sipped tea. Perhaps the hot tea got cold because he focused on
imparting knowledge about the wisdom of ignorance for most
of the class tim e. To complete the lecture on enlightenment
wisdom during the class, the teacher stood up and continued
to lecture.
"About the wisdom of ignorance, you already
understand. Now is the time to understand the other side of
knowledge, the wisdom of enlightenment.

The Enlightened Wisdom

What is enlightened wisdom? Intellectually, you
already understand. So, what is enlightened wisdom? - Is
understanding the truth of information in all things, events,
phenomena, intelligence, people, animals, and the most
comprehensive destructive energy. The next is controlling,
forcing out harmful information, and activating positive
information into positive actions.
When we talk about enlightened wisdom, we have to
talk about people. Because Nalas Nalanda created humans
and the human world to become a practice environment for
the tuelinh life form. When tuelinhs live in heaven, because of
the peaceful, pure, and magic al living environment, they
cannot understand themselves and other tuelinhs, all things
in the universe, and the energy of destruction. In other words,
they live in ignorance. Only the first tuelinh has the most
transcendent wisdom in the universe, but he is not yet an
enlightened being. He only indeed became fully enlightened
when he went through many lifetimes of practice in human
form in the human world. The human form is not only a
miracle for him, but also for all tuelinh life forms. Therefore,
the enlightened wisdom of the tuelinh must pass through the
human form to become fully enlightened.
Through the four forms in human life to create
countless interaction scenarios, the tuelinhs residing in
human form will reveal all of their informational nature.
These are information containing toxins - the wisdom of
ignorance and knowledge genuine for s ustainable
development - the understanding of enlightenment.
Through many generations of people, through
countless lifetimes of practice in human form, and precious

interactions, the manifestations of the nature of truth
information in tuelinh are fully revealed. Negative
information has been revealed, and information for
sustainable development has been activated. That is
enlightened wisdom. When we connect the knowl edge of
enlightened wisdom to understanding the smallest energy
particle, we will see that positive information creates a
sustainable transformation mechanism for all tuelinhs and all
things in and outside the universe. On the contrary, ignorant
wisdom est ablishes a mechanism of transformation, decay
and destruction. Enlightened wisdom has countless
manifestations in all interactive scenarios of human life.
Those manifestations include ten groups: enlightened
wisdom on possession and non -possession; love, h ate and
resentment; success in wishing and failure in wishing; having
wisdom and not having wisdom; action and inaction. Ten
groups of manifestations are grouped into five pairs of
categories of expressions of enlightened wisdom. These are
the manifestations of kindness in each soul, the tuelinh within
the human being, which is released to the outside to create a
sustainable transformation mechanism for that tuelinh itself,
other tuelinhs, and all things inside and outside the universe.
Discussing ten manifestations of enlightened wisdom:
- The enlightened wisdom about possession. That is a
group of expressions of enlightenment when people
understand the truth of information of three things:
understanding oneself and others understanding that
humans are formed from three elements: body, soul, intellect;
the soul inside the body; the root the origin of man; the
mission of life; the cause and nature of the tuelinh incarnation

The Enlightened Wisdom

of the human form. Understand all things, events, and
phenomena in life and the universe. Understand the energy of
destruction. When people understand the nature of harmful
information and positive information within each subject and
everyone's environment, they will practice it in human life. It
is the practice of controlling, forcing out all ignorance in the
soul, and constantly learning and activating all compassion.
Through the manifestations of action in the interactions of the
four life forms, each pe rson will see images of their own and
others' enlightenment. When people have understood
everything, they know that the human body and the things
they own are just tools for them to practice eliminating toxins
and activating the compassion in their souls. Therefore,
instead of indulging in the things they own for enjoyment and
debauchery, they use them to activate the goodness within
them. That is, they help and save people and animals, and they
build sustainable development for all things with everything
they have without the benefit of their bodies. Some rich
people use their money to build schools, bridges, roads, and
hospitals for poor neighbourhoods. There are people with
positions where they do not embezzle or corrupt; instead,
they work diligently and promulgate policies that benefit the
people and the country. Some people in good health
participate in activities to support and help others. Some
people have beauty and fame and live according to humanistic
moral values, taking advantage of their popular ity to call for
help from everyone, the poor and the sick. Some leaders of
rich countries use their power to help poor countries and
countries with natural disasters or disasters and many other

cases. When this group of enlightened wisdom is activated, all
other groups of enlightened wisdom are easily triggered.
- The enlightened wisdom about non-possession. That
is the group of manifestations of enlightenment when people
understand the truth of the three things, like the group of
enlightened wisdom on possession. When people understand
it all, they know that living in the human body and the human
world is to have countless interaction scenarios. Then, they
must identify the poison and goodness within themselves.
Finally, they learn how to control and eliminate toxins and
activate all the goodness in their soul. Th erefore, when they
do not possess the forms or things that others have, they
understand that these are situations to help them understand
the truth of information in their souls. At that time, they will
not be bound by craving for things they do not have; instead,
they cultivate knowledge with education and life experience,
building their lives and careers with diligence and kindness.
They constantly strive to develop their lives and help others,
animals and all things towards sustainable development. We
can see some people are not rich; they see others who are rich
by doing illegal things and decide not to follow them. Instead,
they work honestly and are willing to help others with their
kind intelligence. Some people do not have high positions;
they do not use money to get promoted; instead, they are
dedicated to doing their job well and constantly studying to
improve their intelligence and the qualities of officials to help
people. Some people have beauty but little money; they do not
lose their dignity be cause of wealth; they live and propagate
moral qualities to everyone. Some leaders of countries do not
have natural resources; they do not wage wars and invade

The Enlightened Wisdom

other countries for appropriate resources; instead, they
develop their different strengths to solve the problem of
resource shortage. By activating this group of enlightened
intelligence, people will easily activate other groups of
enlightened intelligence.
- The enlightened wisdom about love. When this group
of enlightened wisdom is manifested, it results from people
understanding three things that every person living in the
human world must know on their practising journey. From
that understanding, each person understands that all
interaction scenarios in life are for the information values in
their soul to be fully revealed, including harmful information
and information that is sustainable development. At that time,
they must control and suppress dangerous information, learn
how, and practice activating the enlightened intellect within
them. Therefore, the group that exhibits enlightened wisdom
about love always give genuine love to their loved ones.
Besides, they dedicate their time, intelligence, and
possessions to help or save other people, animals, and
everything. It balances true love and sustainable development
for themselves and others. We can see some spouses who are
faithful, tak ing good care of their families, and still
participating in activities t o help others in need. There are
couples of men and women who love each other; they help
each other understand and balance love and practice
enlightened wisdom towards those in difficulty or suffering.
Some people understand the truth and build true love for a
happy family. Some people understand enlightened wisdom;
they do not control the person they love. Some parents
understand so they do not force their children to study under

pressure; instead, they help their children understand the
truth to grow up in joy and worldview discovery. Some
leaders love their people and humans; they help their country
thrive so that other countries do not invade them and do not
invade other countri es. Different groups of enlightened
wisdom are also activated from the manifestations of
enlightened wisdom of this group.
- The enlightened wisdom about hatred and
resentment. Because people understand the truth
information of the three things, they quickly activate the
enlightened wisdom on hatred and resentment. They know
that all interaction scenarios, including their hatred towards
someone and from th at someone towards them, are all for
them to understand their toxicity, kindness, and others. They
then control and force out the toxins within themselves by
eliminating their hatred and resentment. Next, activate their
compassion towards all people, animals, and everything. We
can see some couples resent each other, but after
understanding, they heal, build love, and help others. There
are people who, when they understand, let go of their hatred
to help each other have a bette r life. There are people with
racist ideologies and behaviours, and when understood, they
become people who oppose that prejudice and build
solidarity between people. Some people fear and hate
venomous animals, but because of their understanding, they
do not kill them and even help them stay safe when they are
in danger.
- The enlightened wisdom about having wisdom. This
group of enlightened wisdom is difficult to understand and
control toxins and activate goodness. However, once one

The Enlightened Wisdom

understands the three things that each person must
understand, it is not difficult to trigger enlightenment in each
person. At that time, people who thought they were more
intellectual than people in the human world because of their
academic degrees, degre es, high social status, and wealth
found that their intelligence was bound and misunderstood.
Next, they destroy their arrogant nature, open their minds to
learn enlightened wisdom, and activate their compassion.
They are willing to help, share their enlightened wisdom with
others, and share life experiences and practical knowledge to
help others understand and improve their lives. We can see
people with high status, wealth, and degrees; when
enlightened, they are not arrogant; instead, they always help
and share their practical knowledge and enlightenment with
others. When enlightened, religious people help people solve
life's difficulties with enlightened understanding, not worship
or deceive them. People with political status develop policies
that help pe ople and countries live in peace and prosperity.
Those with enlightened wisdom enthusiastically share it with
those still ignorant and suffering.
- The enlightened wisdom about non -possession of
intellect. When people understand that the environment in
the human world creates all interaction scenarios, including
the scenario in which they were born and raised with a lack
of knowledge, they will activate enlightened wisdom. Because
of understanding the three things, everyone understands that
no matter their situation, they must learn to understand
themselves and all things, events, and phenomena in and
outside the universe. Therefore, they do not feel apprehensive
because of their low education level, because they were born

in a typical class, or are poor. Instead, they constantly strive
to study and diligently practice eliminating toxins and
activating kindness in their soul. That diligence and
perseverance help them become enlightened people, succeed
in life, and continue to share valuable knowledge with others.
- The enlightened wisdom about success and failure in
wishing. When people understand the three things that every
tuelinh and human is searching for, they become peaceful and
no longer suffer. Even though they do not possess the forms
others have, they know how to let go of their desir es when
they cannot achieve them. They know how to let go of desires
contrary to moral values and kindness. They understand
interaction scenarios; what they need is for them to realize
their nature. Therefore, when they know, they practice
controlling and forcing out the toxins and activating the
compassion within them. They become people who study and
work honestly according to their abilities. Because they have
become enlightened about this group, they become someone
who shar es the truth with others and helps them become
enlightened. We can see when people understand; they do not
ask God, Buddha, or the gods of their country to grant what
they desire, instead they diligently do good deeds and do not
do evil. Even though many couples do not have children, they
love each other and live together forever when they
understand. Those who seek the path of enlightenment, when
they know it, practice the knowledge of enlightenment in life;
they do not seek supernatural powers or miracles from the
invisible world. Poor people, when they understand, they
work honestly with effort, study and diligence. People of low
status in politics, when they know they work enthusiastically

The Enlightened Wisdom

and constantly study to develop their careers, do not use
money to advance.
- The enlightened wisdom about action. This group of
enlightened wisdom results from understanding all the
accurate information of the three things. It is also the result of
the enlightened wisdom entering the other groups of
enlightened wisdom. At that ti me, each person will practice
actions that force out the toxins within them, helping
everyone, all things, and animals. They always know how to
practice activating goodness within themselves to help
themselves and other entities develop more sustainably. They
always use each scenario they interact with to practice
enlightened wisdom. It is helping others understand as they
understand and helping each other practice bringing good
values to people, animals and all things.
- The enlightened wisdom about inaction. As a result of
understanding the three things and gaining enlightened
intellect in the groups of enlightened knowledge such as
possession, non -possession, love, resentment and hatred,
success and failure in wishing, having wisdom and without
wisdom, everyone will gain enlightenment about inaction.
That is not taking action that causes harm to yourself, to
others, to animals, and all things. That is the practice of forcing
out toxins in the human soul.
Hey friends, the truth about the nature of information
in intelligence and humans, the manifestations of the wisdom
of ignorance and enlightenment, is not something I deduced
and seduced you and everyone else to practice. All that
knowledge is the nature o f information, the operating
mechanism of the smallest energy particle. The tuelinh in me

has gone through many lifetimes of practice in the human
world, observing the movements of all things, tuelinhs and
people, thereby exposing the truth of everything. As I said, the
wisdom of ignorance creates the mechanism of
transformation, decay and dest ruction, and the
understanding of enlightenment establishes the mechanism
of sustainable change. That is the knowledge of the smallest
energy particles that make up tuelinhs, people, and all things
in and outside the universe. Therefore, it is the standard , the
most reliable and accurate reference for all tuelinhs and
humans to learn and practice.
The manifestations of the ignorant wisdom and
enlightened wisdom of humans and tuelinhs are based on the
results of understanding the knowledge of the truth of the
universe and the truth of enlightenment. These two truths
help humans and tuelinhs understan d the truth of the three
things through the smallest energy particle. That factual
information is comprehensive and complete for everyone to
study, comprehend, and practice to eliminate toxins and
activate goodness within themselves. That is the most
miraculous knowledge, the most wonderful path to help each
tuelinh and human transform their yin and yang embryo into
a perfect energy filter."
His class ended long ago, but he still sat and rested in
class with the people who always accompanied him. After a
day of continuously lecturing for many hours, plus drinking a
lot of tea, his body was probably tired. The body feels tired
because the teach er always stands to see all the students
when teaching. It can be seen that the body is a great tool that
Nalas Nalanda possesses. Also, a demonstration of

The Enlightened Wisdom

enlightenment in possession, he used his body as a tool to
share the knowledge of complete enlightenment with
everyone and humanity. After many hours of rest, it was
almost midnight outside, and he began to return home, where
his family and children were.