Chapter Thirteen

The State of Ignorant Soul

He had an extraordinary class, one day a week, and six
hours of lectures. The course last ed for seven months.
Learners are of different ages, male and female, from under
ten to over sixty years old; children are school-age, and adults
have different jobs. Most of them were people with diseases
that current medicine c annot cure, such as depression,
schizophrenia, hallucinations, cancer, and many other
diseases. The teacher's students come from all over the
country; some have to take a plane the day before, some drive
at night, and some rent a house near the classroom to get to
class on time. Some people are seriously ill and have to have
family members take them to class and study with the m. All
of them, whether far away or near the classroom, are nervous
and wait until the weekend to go to class. Because when they
immerse themselves in the classroom atmosphere, and the
teacher's lectures, all suffering, all afflictions, and the pain of
illness are dissipated. They can live in the warm lessons from
the teacher. They feel close to the images and teachings and
silently guide people to practice in the human world of the
first tuelinh through his teachings. Students consider the

classroom as their second home. Therefore, they always come
to class early before the teacher arrives. They want to have
more time to chat with classmates and the teacher. These can
be exciting or magical experiences in which they apply the
knowledge of two truths to solve during their learning
process. Those may be the difficulties they have been facing.
And they need encouragement and solutions from classmates
or the teacher.
There is one thing that students cannot imagine: their
teacher is just like them. He considers the classroom his
second home. He wished each week would pass quickly so he
could meet them again. He meticulously recorded information
about the patient's illne ss and recovery process and
continuously asked about them every week. Later, when the
class ended, the brilliant result was that patients were cured
just by receiving factual information from his lectures. He has
announced the results; some people with lat e-stage
metastatic cancer have recovered because they followed his
instructions and did not use drugs or hospital treatment.
People with mental illnesses have entirely recovered.
However, he was sad because some of his students did not
follow his instructions. They still doubted his knowledge and
continued to treat their illnesses according to the hospital's
prescriptions, so they did not recover. Two cancer patients
died the following year because they gave up studying and
continued treatment at the hospit al. Some severe mental
health patients have not recovered because they still take
medicine under the pressure of their family members. He
declared these patients' failures and gave reasons on the last
day of class. The rest is a successful outcome for all patients

The Stage of Ignorant Soul

with faith, perseverance and relatives to accompany them in
the learning process, even though many have severe mental
illnesses.
I was so engrossed and distracted by the memory of the
last lesson of that class that I forgot what I wanted to say
about him. He has had many courses lasting for many months
over the years. Therefore, I join memories together and
lectures so that readers can easily understand the value of
knowledge of the two truths and the achievements that
knowledge brings to everyone. Learning not only helps
people understand the truth but also helps people have the
most miraculous method to liberate suffering, especial ly by
creating a new and highly miraculous healing method. It is a
method of transmitting information about the truth of all
things in the universe to heal diseases of the soul and the
body. I want to say that he also comes to class very early and
comes home late because he wants to spend time chatting and
solving learners' problems. It isn't easy to describe his
feelings about his students. I noticed that he constantly strives
to find new ways to transform the knowledge of the two
truths so that they are the most powerful, most effective, and
easiest to understand for learners and patients to overcome
suffering and illness. He even left his homeland and went to
other countries to explore and find inspiration for
transforming knowledge and spreading it to humanity.
A week passed very quickly after he finished his lecture
on the wisdom of ignorance and enlightenment. As usual, he
arrived at a class very early, but the students arrived earlier
than him. It could be seen that the joy and anticipation were
mixed, making the classroom atmosphere more magical than

ever. When he lectured, that same deep voice was used when
he asked everyone about their reactions the week after
completing the intellectual lesson. The sharing from the
students and his explanations and encouragement have
helped everyone increasingly und erstand the knowledge of
the two noble truths.
"When we have understood the wisdom of ignorance
and the wisdom of enlightenment of tuelinhs and humans.
That is the fact that we have achieved the goal that each
person has pursued and sought for countless lifetimes of
practice in this human world. It is a great achievement when
each tuelinh has had to go through countless interaction
scenarios in the human body's suffering. Think about your
soul and say, "Hey, tuelinh, I congratulate you on your great
achievement in knowing the truth about yourself, peopl e,
other tuelinhs, all things. Be cheerful, be energetic. You can
rest assured that your body and brain's intellect will always
accompany you and help you transform the yin and yang
embryos." Say it more than once. It is your encouragement to
your soul after many lifetimes of being lost and forgetting my
memories. The truth information from the previous lectures
is the root cause of all the suffering and illness that you have
been experiencing. When we understand the nature of
everything, we will easily rec ognize and understand all
reactions and expressions of ourselves, others, all things, and
phenomena in life and the universe.
Today, I will analyze for you to understand the state of
the soul. That is the state of the tuelinh within us.
First, we need to learn about the state of ignorance.

The Stage of Ignorant Soul

The tuelinh, when residing in the human body, is called
the mind or the soul.
The state of the ignorant mind is a negative energy state
generated from the wisdom wave code system in the yin and
yang root embryo and the entire tuelinh structure. The
negative energy state is the energy state of the negative
energy particle system that vibrates out of control. That leads
to the negative energy particle system that governs and
controls the entire energy structure in the tuelinh.
The origin of the state of ignorance is the fact that
people possess the wisdom of ignorance. People have the
wisdom of ignorance because the tuelinh inside also contains
the intellect of ignorance. The intelligence of ignorance is the
root and the solid foundation to create and develop the state
of ignorance of the mind. Therefore, the state of ignorance of
the mind always breaks out from a mild level to a super strong
level.
The state of ignorance of the mind includes three levels:
the state of clinging mind, the state of furious mind, and the
state of hatred. These states are also states where toxins in
the mind are released.
1. The state of clinging mind
The clinging mind is the solid foundation, the deep root
of ignorance. From a clinging soul, people quickly become
angry or hateful.
The clinging mind is the product and crystallization of
ignorant wisdom. Therefore, when talking about the clinging
soul, we are talking about five pairs of categories of ignorant
intellect. It includes the mind that clings to possession, non -

possession, love, hatred and resentment, wisdom, not having
intelligence, success in wishing, failure in wishing, action, and
inaction. Therefore, when the mind clings, it creates
oppression and binding of body, mind, and intellect to the ten
forms of ignorant wisdom.
- The mind clings to possession. Because the soul is
ignorant and does not understand the truth of three things: it
does not understand itself and others. It is not understanding
all things, events, and phenomena in the universe and not
understanding the e nergy of destruction. Furthermore,
humans do not know the two illuminating truths. Therefore,
it causes the soul within to be attached and bound to the
forms that its body possesses. It becomes selfish and does not
want to share or help anyone with what it owns. It immerses
and enjoys those things. It will become furious or have hatred
for someone if they damage or take away what it has.
- The mind clings to non -possession. Because the
intellect is ignorant of the three things and is not enlightened
by the knowledge of the two truths, it causes the soul within
to be bound to something it does not possess while others
possess it. That makes it desirable to get them. It controls its
body and does everything it can to have what it wants, even if
it causes harm to everyone and everything. It will become
furious and hateful of anyone who hinders or makes it
unsatisfied.
- The mind clings to love. Because there is no wisdom
of knowledge of the two truths and because of the wisdom of
ignorance in not understanding the three things. Therefore,
the soul inside humans is bound and clings to love. It is willing
to do anything t o harm everyone or the person it loves to

The Stage of Ignorant Soul

satisfy its love in ignorance. It controls its body and clings
tightly to the people and things it loves without
understanding the truth to practice, forcing out toxins within
itself and activating goodness to help people and those it
loves. Next, it quick ly becomes angry or hateful if someone
hurts its love.
- The mind clings to hatred and resentment. Because
the soul is ignorant and not enlightened by the two truths, it
is bound and attached to the things and other people it hates
and resents, even those who hate or resent it. It controls the
body and acts to cause harm to those it hates and resents or
those who hate and resent it. It quickly becomes angry and
hateful when people feed into its hate and resentment.
- The mind clings to having wisdom. Wisdom is
ignorant and does not believe in knowledge of the two truths.
That leads the soul within to become arrogant to the wisdom
it possesses. It is arrogant and looks down on those it believes
are inferior in intelli gence and understanding. It controls its
body to act to hurt others. It does not help or save others or
all things with its knowledge and understanding in its field. It
becomes angry or hateful towards others when they insult or
belittle its intelligence.
- The mind clings to the lack of wisdom. Not being able
to encounter the knowledge of the two truths, one cannot
understand the truth information of the three things.
Therefore, it makes the soul inside become attached, bound to
the intellectual or educational loss that it currently has. It
doesn't have enough awareness or power to help anyone or
even help or protect itself. Therefore, it also quickly becomes
angry or hateful if people despise or insult it.

- The mind clings to the success in wishing. Humans are
immersed in attachment and bondage to the forms they have
obtained by praying to others or without their ability to
create. That results from intellectual ignorance and not being
illuminated by the light of knowledge of the two truths or not
believing. It becomes arrogant, clingy, and attached to what it
obtains through desire. That causes it not to carry out its
mission in human life. In addition, it easily becomes angry or
hateful towards those who harm it.
- The mind clings to the failure in wishing. It quickly
becomes angry and hateful at people, Buddha, God, or their
national gods when they do not help it satisfy their desires.
It's painful and disappointing because it doesn't get what it
wants. It is boun d and clings to what it desires but cannot
reach. Also, it gives rise to hatred towards people and the
metaphysical world for not helping it.
- The mind clings to actions. When the human soul
clings and is bound to forms such as possession, non -
possession, love, hate and resentment, having wisdom, not
having wisdom, success in wishing, and failure in wishing.
That person inevitably continues to be bound and attached to
actions. It acts to protect what it owns, activities to get what
it desires, and arrogant actions because it thinks it has
wisdom or doesn't. These things cause it to practice actions
that hurt people, animals, and everything. The reason is that
they need to gain the wisdom of knowledge of the two truths
and understand the truth information of the three things that
every human being must search for in human life.
- The mind clings to inaction. There is no knowledge of
the two truths and no understanding of the truth of all three

The Stage of Ignorant Soul

things. Therefore, other forms of ignorance immerse people
in attachment and bondage. From there, the soul causes the
body not to perform actions to help or save others. Instead, it
sinks into the ten states of ignorance it possesses. It quickly
becomes angry and hateful towards those who hurt it.
2. The state of furious mind
An angry mind is a state of losing control of the negative
particle system in the entire energy structure of the tuelinh.
Anger is a higher level of clinging mind. Anger is formed
and develop ed on the foundation and roots of the clinging
soul. Therefore, when people have attachment, anger will
flare up at any time. This makes it impossible for each person
and others to know or predict it.
When people are immersed in the clinging mind,
someone affects their ignorance and interests, and anger
within them is like a deadly fire that will harm and kill all
living things, animals, and humans and destroy all items.
Anger is also compared to firestorms, and it will burn
everything in its path.
To eliminate anger, people must destroy the root and
foundation of the clinging mind. To do that, they must destroy
the wisdom of ignorance.
3. The state of hatred
Hatred is the highest level of ignorance. Hatred is
considered like icebergs. People cannot perceive someone's
hatred because it is hidden and hidden deep within the soul.
It is different from anger because anger is like flames or
firestorms, so people can easily see anger in themselves and
others.

Hatred is born based on the clinging mind. When
people are immersed in clinging souls, they feel hurt. As a
result, they try to become furious to protect themselves.
When they cannot become angry or are too weak, they will
become hated.
Hatred is extremely dangerous because when it breaks
out, it will destroy humans, animals, and all things on a large
scale. It can be said that hatred can destroy the whole world.
Remember, the clinging mind is a solid foundation, the
root that causes the mind to become angry and hateful. Anger
is a state of mind that people can easily recognize and have
plans to deal with when someone is angry. At that time, use
your mind as a cool stream of compassion to neutralize it
instead of becoming angry like them. Meanwhile, hatred is the
most dangerous because it is hidden so people cannot know.
The root of the state of ignorant mind is ignorant wisdom
because there is no knowledge of the t wo truths, or knowing
but not believing. Don't think you can eliminate the state of
the ignorant mind through meditation. It is not possible. The
cause of the mind of ignorance is that the system of
intellectual wave code fibres in the tuelinh contains har mful
and false information. Therefore, each person must receive
accurate information to eliminate dangerous and incorrect
information. That is the best solution to eradicate ignorance
when one has attained enlightened wisdom."
During the lunch break, students with different
illnesses shared with the teacher about symptoms such as
body itching, bone pain, headaches, hallucinations, and loss of
behavioural control when listening to lectures. They then
became happy when the teacher explained that those

The Stage of Ignorant Soul

manifestations were necessary to help them recover from
their illness. Because toxic information is being released,
toxins are being removed and eliminated from their souls and
cells in their bodies.