Chapter Fourteen

The State of Enlightened Mind

"The opposite of the ignorant state of mind is the
enlightened state. We continue with the state of enlightened
mind.
The enlightened mind is a state of positive energy
generated from the system of intellectual wave code fibres in
the yin and yang root embryo and the entire tuelinh structure
residing in the human being. The positive energy state is the
state of the activated positive energy particle system, and they
have the power to control the nega tive energy particle
system.
The enlightened state of mind originates from the
person's possession of enlightened wisdom. People have
enlightened wisdom because the tuelinh within also
possesses enlightened wisdom. Enlightened wisdom is the
root, the solid foundation to create and dev elop into an
enlightened state of mind. Therefore, the enlightened state of
the soul is always activated to different degrees.
The enlightened state of mind includes three levels:
- The state of a compassionate mind.

- The state of delighted mind.
- The state of a peaceful mind.
These states are values that need to be activated from
accurate information for sustainable development in the
tuelinhs.
1. State of compassionate mind
Compassion is the solid foundation, the deep root of the
enlightened state of mind. From a compassionate state of
mind, people quickly become delighted and peaceful.
Compassion is the product and crystallization of
enlightened wisdom. Therefore, we discuss five pairs of
enlightened wisdom categories when discussing compassion.
It includes compassion for possession, non -possession, love,
hatred and resentment, wisdom, l ack of knowledge, success
in wishing, failure in hoping, action, and inaction. Therefore,
when people have a compassionate mind, it creates peace and
is not bound in body, mind, and intellect to the ten forms that
wisdom has enlightened. In particular, it knows how to
dedicate and give away the good values it creates from the
enlightenment it has.
- The enlightened mind on possession. When people are
enlightened by the light of knowledge of the two truths, they
will understand the three things. It is understanding yourself
and others. It is understanding all things, events, and
phenomena in life and the universe and understanding the
energy of destruction. Therefore, they know that all the
scenarios they interact with in life are for them to force out
toxins and activate goodness in their souls. They become
enlightened by what they possess and use th em as tools to

The Stage of Enlightened Mind

activate their compassion and path to enlightenment. At that
time, their minds become peaceful, not tied to anything and
any form they possess. Those enlightened people are ready to
help and save people and animals when they encounter
difficulties with what they have. They will become delighted
and peaceful when they experience any painful or difficult
situation.
- The mind is enlightened about non -possession. The
human understands the accurate information of the three
things and is illuminated by the light of knowledge of the two
truths. The tuelinh within humans is not bound or troubled by
something they do not h ave. They become happy and
constantly strive to cultivate valuable knowledge to upgrade
themselves. They enthusiastically help and save everyone and
all species with their abilities. They quickly become happy
and peaceful when experiencing suffering or dif ficulties in
life.
- The mind is enlightened in love. Because of having
enlightened wisdom, the soul within humans becomes
peaceful and is not bound by love in ignorance. They give
respect and understanding to the people they love so that
they can spread good values together . They know how to
balance the love of family, husband and wife, and the nation
to spread good values to everyone, animals, and everything
without distinction between ethnicity or country. They
quickly become happy and peaceful when experiencing
difficulties or suffering in life.
- The mind is enlightened about hatred and resentment.
When the inner soul is enlightened, they are always
compassionate. They are not bound to those who hate or

resent them. They no longer hate or resent anyone, even those
who have hurt them. Because they understand that every
interaction in life is to help them eliminate ignorance and
become enlightened, they forgive everyone who hurts them.
In addition, they always try and strive to help and save people
and all species to develop more sustainably. They quickly
become delighted and peaceful when they experience
difficulties or ups and downs.
- The mind is enlightened about having wisdom.
Everyone becomes compassionate and contributes the values
of enlightened knowledge or knowledge in all areas of life to
everyone. They are happy because they help people and the
world around them become more s ustainable. They are not
attached and bound to their possession of wisdom when they
possess the intellect of enlightenment. They are always happy
and peaceful on the journey of spreading enlightened wisdom
in the human world, even though they must endure hardships
and difficulties.
- The mind is enlightened on the absence of wisdom.
Because it is enlightened by enlightened wisdom, they
understand everything. Therefore, they strive to study and
cultivate enlightenment and knowledge in all areas of life.
They become peaceful and are no longer attached or bound to
their lack of wisdom. They become enthusiastic about helping
and saving people, animals, and everything. They quickly
become happy and peaceful when someone offends or hurts
them.
- The enlightened mind about success and failure in
wishing. When people understand the three things by the
light of knowledge and the two truths, desire no longer exists

The Stage of Enlightened Mind

in their minds and souls. They are content and happy with
what they have. Furthermore, they strive to hone their
intelligence and abilities to help and save people and all
species. They are easily delighted and peaceful when
experiencing suffering or difficulties in life.
- The enlightened mind about action. People are no
longer attached or tied to any form because the soul is
enlightened about possession, non-possession, love, hate and
resentment, wisdom, lack of knowledge, success and failure in
wishing. Therefore, they a re always peaceful and strive to
practice spreading helping and saving actions to everyone, all
things, and animals. They act in peace. They become happy
and know how to let go of the ignorant actions of others that
cause them.
- The enlightened mind about inaction. The magical
value of having enlightened wisdom is that each person will
not practice ignorant actions towards people, animals, and all
things in the human world. Any form in life no longer binds
them. Instead, they ac cept their losses not to hurt anyone or
any species in the natural world. They become happy and
peaceful in all the harsh life situations they experience.
2. The state of the delighted mind
When each person has a compassionate state of mind
through enlightened wisdom, it is a solid foundation to build
and develop their minds into delightedness.
Delightedness always exists in a compassionate mind
because, with peace and joy in enlightened wisdom, people
can practice compassion within themselves by helping and
saving others and all living beings.

However, the happiness mentioned here is a quality
and level nobler than the level of compassion. That is when
each person is practising solidarity, spreading the value of
sustainable development knowledge to everyone and all
species, but they encounter ignorant people. Ignorant people
never stop hurting themselves. Instead of being troubled or
giving up, they became happy and continued to practice their
mission on the path of enlightenment they had chosen. In
addition, when enlightened people experience difficulties and
sufferings, they are always happy to face and overcome them.
Delightedness has a magical power to control one's and
others' angry states of mind. From a happy mind comes
control from the soul to the body into happy expressions and
actions. A happy state of mind is like a stream of cool water to
extinguish the fire and the firestorm of anger.
3. The state of peacefulness
The state of peacefulness always exists in the state of
compassion. Because when people have enlightened wisdom,
they know how to let go of their attachments of forms in life
to activate goodness within them.
However, the peacefulness of the soul mentioned here
is a nobler quality, a higher level than the state of compassion.
That is when people encounter difficulties and suffering in
life. They know how to let go of attachments by facing them to
liberate all s uffering through their compassionate mind. In
addition, in the journey of uniting people to spread the values
of enlightened knowledge to develop all things, tuelinh, and
people to become sustainable, they face ignorant people.
Those unaware people try to destroy their path, even harming
them. Because they are enlightened people, compassion is

The Stage of Enlightened Mind

always present in them; therefore, they continue to practice
their mission in a state of delightedness and peacefulness.
They do not cling to the unwholesome actions that ignorant
people have been doing. They always stand tall in life with
nothing but suff ering in the human world to help people, all
species, and themselves.
Peacefulness is the highest quality and level of the three
states of enlightened mind.
When a person achieves complete enlightenment, they
will possess all three states of the enlightened mind.
Therefore, they will have no remnants of their ignorant state
of mind. It means that when someone has the wisdom of
perfect enlightenment, the knowledge of ignorance no longer
exists in them, not even the smallest unit of any form.
When you understand the wisdom of ignorance and the
wisdom of enlightenment, you will know that the state of the
mind of ignorance and the enlightened soul are its
manifestations. It means that the state of mind is born from
wisdom. Intelligence is the system of intellectual wave code
fibres in each tuelinh of each human being. It is the root of all
state and emotional expressions. Also, from the intellectual
wave code that controls the tuelinh, humans practice actions,
be it ignorance or enlightenment.
If you want to destroy the state of ignorance, you must
destroy the wisdom of ignorance. If you want to remove the
knowledge of ignorance, you must have the intellect of
enlightenment. The intelligence of enlightenment does not
have by yourself, nor does it come to you by itself. Enlightened
wisdom is crystallized from the movement tuelinhs, people,
things, events, and phenomena in and outside the universe

that the first tuelinh observed and experienced many
lifetimes of practice to obtain. If you want enlightened
wisdom, you can learn it through the countless lives of
suffering of your soul; another way is to understand the
enlightened knowledge that the fi rst tuelinh taught you. The
two methods are different, and the results are also different.
Experiencing and concluding for yourself is an endless
journey. The risk of destroying tuelinhs by destructive energy
is very high when tuelinhs have difficulty cont rolling the
mechanism of producing negative particles. Learning
enlightened knowledge and practising it is a concise path to
transform one's tuelinh into a sustainable one; even if one
goes through suffering and tribulations, each tuelinh will
quickly overcome it with the information of knowledge stored
in tuelinh."
When the class ended, a student asked the Teacher,
"Teacher, I have seen many people in society suffering in their
married life or at work. After they accessed religious
knowledge, they decided to let go of everything to practice in
a pure place. The things they let go of include their wives and
children or husbands and children. So , is that called
enlightened mind?" "What they do is let go. It is precisely
running away and giving up in the face of suffering caused by
their ignorant wisdom. You should always remember the four
commandments of Nalas Nalanda when he organized the
conference to gather humanity so as not to misunderstand
because of the confusion of philosophical and religious views.
The enlightened mind, as in the lecture, we must understand
is letting go of our afflictions, attachments, anger, and hatred
when it still exists or when it has just arisen. Besides, we must

The Stage of Enlightened Mind

face to liberate all suffering with wisdom and an enlightened
mind. If people leave their families, wives and children to
practice in a pure place, they cut off the source of interaction
so that the nature of the information inside the tuelinh cannot
be revealed. Because nature is not revealed, how can people
force out toxins and activate kindness? At that time, how can
the tuelinh mature? Instead, the danger of destruction
becomes present by the onslaught of the energy of
destruction."
Another student immediately asked the Teacher,
"Teacher, should everyone destroy the mind of ignorance first
and then activate the mind of enlightenment?" "There is no
before and no after. The mind of ignorance and enlightenment
are the products of the wisdom of ignorance and the wisdom
of enlightenment. Those intellectual natures are revealed and
activated from the tuelinh by interactive scenarios in human
life. When interacting, the nature of the information that is
easily revealed within the tuelinh will be revealed first. Maybe
it's poison, and maybe it's kindness. When nature is revealed
first, everyone needs to practice suppressing poison if it is the
wisdom of ignorance and activating it if it is the wisdom of
enlightenment. Removing poison and activa ting kindness
means eliminating the mind of ignorance and activating the
mind of enlightenment. Both must be done simultaneously in
each tuelinh's journey of practice in the human world.
Knowing the two truths helps people understand all the
information in and out of the universe. Therefore, it is
comprehensive and magical."
It was a significant day of studying and answering many
other questions related to the lecture on states of mind. Those

are the words the students talked to each other when class
ended.