Chapter Fifteen

Suffering and Methods of Liberation

The Teacher sipped a cup of hot tea while chatting with
his students. That was when the Teacher's lecture was about
to begin. Although the tea is bitter and hot when drinking, the
sweetness is soon replaced. That's why many adult men enjoy
tea to feel its particular taste. Not only that, tea also helps
drinkers become alert to concentrate on work.
At that time, a student asked the Teacher, "Teacher, can
you share your past lives for all class members to know? We
are very curious and want to know about your practising
journey in past lives." "A curious question. There are curious
questions that will not be answered. However, there are
questions that, when answered, will help everyone on their
journey to overcome suffering to become more mature on the
path of practice in the human world. I have many memories
of past lives and many lives of practice in the human world.
What do people want to know about?" "Teacher, can you
share about the life in which you became an enlightened
being? People want to hear about it."
After reflection, the Teacher began to speak, "Before
teaching today's lesson, I will share some memories of my

practising journey to achieve full enlightenment. This
information and memories will help everyone when learning
today's lesson.
In my previous life, in my human life, the tuelinh within
me achieved complete enlightenment. In that life, I was a
crown prince, the child of a king and queen. I was their only
son. Our country was in South Asia, with a mountainous
terrain. However, our c apital was in a reasonably flat area
surrounded by fields. Because I would become the king in the
future, they let me learn everything to lead the country. I had
to learn a lot of scriptures and martial arts. However, that
father king seemed to know in advance that I would leave that
kingdom to seek the path of enlightenment. He expanded the
capital three times larger than the original to prevent me from
leaving the capital. High walls were built and surrounded the
entire capital. In addition, they made a t emple so I could go
there and study with the teachers. When I grew up, I had a
wife and children. However, the boredom in my soul made me
leave the capital to find my path to enlightenment. After four
unsuccessful attempts to leave the capital from four
directions, I finally escaped and headed southeast alone.
On my journey to find the path to enlightenment, I went
through the process of studying with teachers. However, I did
not achieve enlightenment through various meditation
processes. Sufferings still exist in the mind when no longer
resting in meditation. A fter that, I went through different
practices to find enlightenment. A typical example was
practising asceticism. That was not eating for a long time. That
left my body with only skin and bones, and my body became
weaker than ever. It was wrong to practice by not taking the

Suffering and Methods of Liberation

body's form seriously. With that way of practice, I thought I
had to leave my body behind in that life with failure on my
journey to find the path to enlightenment.
One night when I entered meditation, a certain tuelinh
used two metal tools and tapped each other three times. The
first knock makes a deafening and hard -to-hear sound, the
second knock makes an unclear sound, and the third knock
makes a soft and easy-to-hear sound. At that moment, I knew
that the tuelinh was trying to help me understand something
on my practising journey to make the best choice for seeking
enlightenment. From the suggested sounds, I understood that
the loud sound is like the practice of be ing bound and taking
body form seriously, and the results will be like that sound.
The sound has no resonance; it is like the sound of death, like
abandoning the body on the path of practice. Melodious sound
is the balance between body, mind, and wisdom to create an
excellent sound of results. A fragile path of enlightenment has
been opened by the union of body, mind, and intellect to
develop achievements that benefit everyone. When I
understood that, I stopped meditating and rewarded myself
with sleep. Tha t night, I learned about the mission of the
practising path, my origin and truth about myself, and my
memories and achievements in past lives. There was a
significant change in me at that time. I ate the next day again
to ensure the health and vitality of my body. On the second
night, after hearing the guiding sounds from a tuelinh while
meditating. It was a whole moon night when the moon was
high in the sky and almost midnight. I walked down to the
river near where I meditated. In the bright moonlight, I
floated in the river. My body floats on the water, sometimes

floating, sometimes sinking. The cool water washed away all
the ascetic practices in the past. A miraculous thing happened
under the bright moonlight and with the cool water blending
into the austere body at that time. Rays of silvery white light
radiated from my body around me. At that time, my thoughts
about the origin and tasks on practising practice in the human
world that my tuelinh had to do were clear. Because of that,
my tuelinh and body radiate the radiance of enlightenment
about my mission and tasks.
After showering, I went ashore and looked at the river
and the moon. The piecing together of past life memories and
the tuelinh's mission made me reflect and think about it.
Suddenly, two snakes appeared from two bushes in front and
slithered towards where I was sitting. At the same time, two
white doves flew down from the top of the tree and turned
into two tuelinhs. Each of them used a bow created from
magic and killed two snakes. Perhaps they were afraid that
those two snakes would endanger me. Then I lo oked at the
corpses of the two snakes and those two tuelinhs and said to
them, "Why did you kill them? Do you know what they did in
their past lives that caused them to live in such a daily body in
this life? When I become fully enlightened, I will enlighten all
of you." After that, the two tuelinhs said goodbye and
continued their mission of following and protecting my body
in that life. Under the bright moonlight at night, I fell asleep
on the riverbank. It is a remarkable sleep when all the
memories of t he tuelinh are recreated and linked to the
achievements in the practising journey of many lifetimes.
That was the night I became fully enlightened. After achieving
complete enlightenment, I took on my first students and

Suffering and Methods of Liberation

taught them. People from all over come and become my
students. I have travelled to many countries to preach
complete enlightenment knowledge. While spreading the
teachings of enlightenment, my wife and children also
participated in studying and accompanying us on the path of
spreading it.
Those are memories and moments of achieving
enlightened wisdom in past lives. It is not attained by
meditation. Those achievements are achieved in many
previous lives linked together after a journey of ascetic
practice to create a path to complete enlighte nment. It's the
same in my life. The achievements from past lives are linked
with the mission of the tuelinh and the process of
experiencing the path of suffering in the human world to
create the most excellent enlightenment knowledge when
there is knowled ge of the smallest particle of energy
accompany."
"Teacher, please teach everyone about the method of
liberation from suffering in life as well as on the path of
practice for everyone to practice."
"The previous lessons are all knowledge of
enlightenment, and all the lectures are two truths. I t old you
that story because it is relevant to today's sermon.
In today's lesson, we will learn all about the types of
suffering, the causes of suffering, the method, and the
achievements after liberating all suffering. From the previous
speeches, you have understood the origin, mission, nature of
the tuelinh and stat e of the mind and human. Therefore,
people will not feel pressured when they know the truth of
suffering and the method of liberation from pain. Everyone

will find it easy to apply that solution to achieve achievements
in life.
When discussing human suffering, we also need to
separate the suffering of the tuelinh when not incarnated in
human form and when incarnated in human form. Such a
division will help people clearly understand the nature of
suffering and practice the most effective liberation from pain.
1. The suffering of the tuelinh
The suffering of the tuelinh is a state of information
disorder within the energy particle structure system. It
breaks the bond between positive and neutral particle groups
when destructive energies attack the negative particle group.
The attack of energie s of destruction causes the tuelinh to
become painful, leading to complete decomposition and
destruction. The suffering of the tuelinh has only one type:
disintegration and collapse.
There are three causes of suffering:
- Each tuelinh does not understand itself and other
tuelinhs. That is not understanding the nature of truth within
oneself and other tuelinhs. The nature of wisdom is encoded
false information, called wisdom of ignorance, and encoded
truth information, called enlightened wisdom.
- Tuelinhs do not understand the nature of all things,
events, and phenomena in the universe. That is not
understanding the toxins and goodness that exist within
them.
- Tuelinhs do not understand the nature of destructive
energy. That is not understanding toxins as well as the value
of destructive energy.

Suffering and Methods of Liberation

The three causes of suffering for the tuelinh are closely
linked in inseparability. When each tuelinh has from one to all
three of the above causes, they will easily be disintegrated and
destroyed by the energy of destruction. Being attacked by
destructive energy causes them pain, and death will end their
pain.
The method of liberating suffering for the tuelinh.
Because we have understood the cause of the tuelinh's
suffering and destruction, therefore, all tuelinhs must practice
the path to liberation from suffering as follows:
- All tuelinhs must incarnate into humans to live in the
human world in many lifetimes of practice.
- Tuelinhs must understand the toxins that are released
from within oneself.
- Tuelinhs must understand the good values within
themselves.
- Finally, tuelinhs must practice the mechanism to
eliminate all toxins within themselves. At the same time, they
must practice the mechanism to activate goodness within
themselves. Eliminating poison and activating goodness is a
mechanism of sustainable transformation.
Achievement after liberating the Suffering of tuelinhs:
when they practice the sustainable transformation
mechanism, they will produce countless positive and neutral
energy particles with high strength and durability. Besides,
negative energy particles are produced with enough power to
do the job. Then, the tuelinhs mature and transform their yin
and yang embryos into a sustainable energy filter. Finally,
they can absorb destructive energy back to themselves to

produce super -energy particles. Those super -energies help
them become immortal and support all things in the universe
to develop sustainably.
2. Human Suffering
When the tuelinh incarnates and abides in human form,
human suffering includes the Suffering of the tuelinh. From
the Suffering of the tuelinh, human suffering is manifested
into many different types, and those sufferings become clear
and easy to recognize.
First, we must understand what human suffering is. –
Human suffering is the soul's binding, viciousness, and
attachment to everything in life.
It can be seen that the object of human suffering is the
soul.
Suffering is the best environment for the soul inside the
human body to be experienced. From there, the toxic and kind
natures are revealed. That is the perfect path for the existence
and sustainable development of each tuelinh.
Types of Suffering of Humans: humans are made up of
three elements: tuelinh, body form, and brain wisdom.
Therefore, the manifestations of human suffering are richer
than tuelinhs when they do not abide in human form. Human
suffering is divided into two groups: suffering due to natural
laws and suffering in each person's mind. Such a division of
human suffering will help people easily identify, face, and
practice liberation from all suffering.
Suffering due to natural laws:
- Types of Suffering due to natural laws: There are six
types of suffering caused by natural laws to humans, including

Suffering and Methods of Liberation

suffering due to birth, ageing, illness, death, suffering from
living but having to separate from each other, and separation
by death. Everyone knows and understands these sufferings
are natural laws they must experience and live in. No one can
escape any one of all types of suffering by the laws of nature.
As follows:
+ Suffering due to being born. That is suffering in the
mother's mind when she has to carry a constantly growing
fetus. The sudden change in a mother's body when she is
pregnant makes her think negatively about herself, her fetus,
her husband, and her rela tives. Hatred towards their loved
ones may appear in their minds when their loved ones have
had evil thoughts or actions towards them. Mothers become
depressed, anxious, and fearful when their soul energy is
depleted to separate and nurture the fetus. In addition to the
confusion and suffering of the mind, the pain and discomfort
of their bodies make them easily angry and disappointed in
themselves and their loved ones. The fetus' body must also
suffer the same suffering. The fetus suffers when squeezed
into the cramped space inside the mother's womb. In
addition, when the mother is suffering from negative
thoughts, the negative energy from the mother's soul will
nourish the cells of the fetus' body. It is part of the cause of
diseases in the fetus' body after birth.
+ The suffering from getting old. When people are born,
they face the passage of time that cannot be stopped. That
makes people mature and grow old. Growing up is getting
older. It is evidence of every cell in the human body constantly
working hard and bec oming exhausted of energy and life
within. Growing up and getting older makes people worried,

anxious, and even afraid because their bod ies become
increasingly weaker and no longer healthy. Many people look
for certain medications or foods to prevent cell ageing. They
want and desire to enjoy everything in a healthy body, so they
hate the old age that already exists in their body.
+ The suffering due to illness. Illness for most people is
the suffering of all kinds of suffering. Because they believe
that when they have diseases, especially diseases that are
deadly and cannot be cured, even if people have a lot of money
or high statu s, they cannot escape the death of the disease.
Illness makes people miserable, depressed, and clinging to
everything they have. Poor people fear illness because they do
not have money for treatment. Rich people fear death when
they have diseases that cann ot be cured. People with high
status and wealth fear their loved ones will suffer from mental
illnesses. They fear being judged and looked down upon by
others. Illnesses include various physical and mental
illnesses, immersing people in suffering and despa ir. Mild
illnesses make people feel stuffy, tired, and uncomfortable.
Serious diseases that cannot be cured make people suffer and
despair, waiting for death to come to them.
+ The suffering from death. Death creates the most
intense moment in a person's life. People see death as the end
of everything. When death happens to them, they will lose
everything, from money, status, their loved ones, and even
their bodies rotting unde r the cold soil. Because of this, the
moment after death, the soul of the dead becomes confused,
frightened, regretful, and always cling to things they lost. The
suffering caused by death makes people cling tightly to
something they cannot take with their souls. Therefore, they

Suffering and Methods of Liberation

quickly become attached, angry, and hateful toward someone
who hurts them or causes their death. Anger and hatred reach
the highest level in the souls of those who commit suicide.
Because when they live, resentment towards the person they
once loved, maybe because of oppression from someone, and
perhaps also despair in life makes them commit suicide. They
are immersed in the extreme suffering of all kinds of suffering
because the suffering of the soul due to suicide is a
combination of the suffering of deat h and other types of
suffering created by the mind.
+ The suffering from separation. The frustrations in the
heart, the memories, the regrets, the pain, and the hatred
caused by separation while everyone is still alive are
unpleasant types of suffering. The suffering of separation is
such that parents have to separate from their children when
they get married and no longer have the protection and
protection of their parents. The suffering that lovers have to
separate for many different reasons. The suffering and pain
when parents witness their beloved childr en going to the
battlefield to face life and death, whether defending the
homeland or invading another country. Young children and
wives had to say goodbye to their fathers and husbands when
facing death on the battlefield. Couples separate because of
conflicts and disagreements, leaving pain and hatred for each
other and their children. The pain of separation is
exceptionally fierce. It seems impossible to heal the wounds.
Even the resentment from this type of suffering lasts many
lifetimes because of the hatred.
+ The suffering from separation when a loved one dies.
The suffering of death does not only exist and lasts for souls

when they have to leave their bodies behind in the human
world. Their relatives and loved ones become regretful and
mournful in the agony of witnessing them no longer exist.
Fathers, mothers, husbands, wives, and children when they
witness their loved ones die from illness, accidents, suicide,
murder, or old age. They were immersed in pity and pain.
That pain makes them inconsolable when they witness their
loved ones no longer on Earth when they were young, wives
and husbands.
- The cause of suffering is due to natural laws. Natural
laws create the above types of suffering. It means that
everyone understands and realizes they cannot escape these
sufferings. They don't know whether those sufferings will
come to them sooner or lat er and precisely at what time in
their lives. Because it is a natural law, there is no cause for
each type of suffering in this group of natural laws. It is
because the tuelinhs made a great vow to incarnate as
humans to experience all suffering. When expe riencing grief,
the nature of toxins and goodness in their souls is revealed
and activated. That is the goal that tuelinh life form pursue s,
and when suffering is achieved, that is their success.
Therefore, from the perspective of tuelinh, reaching the initial
goals on the practising journey in human form is a joy.
- The method of liberation from suffering due to natural
laws: Because understanding the origin of humanity, the
nature of tuelinh, and each person's mission when carrying a
soul within. Because each human life is very short, suffering
by natural law alway s comes suddenly without warning.
Therefore, to liberate the suffering of natural law, everyone
must race against time, devoting their strength, intelligence,

Suffering and Methods of Liberation

and time to help and save people, animals, and all species
without discrimination. Besides, practice forcing out all the
toxins in the mind when they break out. Doing those two
solutions at the same time is the mechanism to eliminate
toxins and activate kindness in each person's soul. It is also a
sustainable transformation mechanism because sustainable
energy particles are produced in the soul in large quantities.
Racing against time is extremely necessary because people
cannot know how many negative energ y particles of karma
are contained in their minds, so they do not understand when
illness, accidents, and death will occur. Only when people
diligently practice to eliminate toxins and activate
compassion will their souls produce countless positive energy
particles. At that time, positive energy is the key to liberation
from suffering caused by illness and death. Racing against
time helps the soul produce sustainable energy particles. That
allows the tuelinh to mature quickly. Then, the soul will have
the power to control and transform destructive energy into
super-energy particles. That is the result of each tuelinh's
journey of practice in the human world.
Suffering in the soul:
- There are ten types of suffering in mind, including
suffering due to possession, non -possession, love, hatred,
having wisdom, not having wisdom, success in wishing,
failure in hoping, action, and inaction. These types of suffering
result from information reaction processes in all interaction
scenarios of each person in the four forms of human life in the
human world. The four forms in human life include family
form, social form, form between teacher and student, and
national form. It is suffering in the mind because each person

will not be able to know whether they have any toxins
released when interacting in life or not. The toxins are the
ignorance of the intellect, which then causes the mind to
become ignorant. Ignorance is the suffering state of the mind.
+ The mind suffers because of possessions. People are
clingy and vicious in being satisfied with everything they
have, even hurting people and all species to protect the things
they own. Things like money, status, fame, family, and
possessions that they try to satisfy cause their souls to drown
in their toxins. Therefore, their souls become miserable
because they cannot eliminate those toxins due to not
activating the goodness within them. Satisfaction with what
they have in human life causes them to miss f avourable
conditions to practice activating kindness through helping
actions, saving others and all species from what they have.
+ The mind suffers because of non -possession. People
become attached and miserable because of things they do not
have and cannot achieve while others have and enjoy them.
The poisons of ignorance in the desire to be satisfied by
something make them unaware of their toxins. Their souls are
immersed in the suffering of ignorance and cannot take
advantage of their circumstances to activate the goodness
within them. Wasting human life on things they don't have
makes them unaware of the preciousness of time to cultivate,
study and practice dedication to help everyone and all
species.
+ The soul suffers because of love. People are vicious,
clinging to the love they possess, such as husband and wife,
children, family, nation, homeland, and the love they do not
have. That causes the soul inside them to suffer because of the

Suffering and Methods of Liberation

satisfaction of that love. They become uncontrollable towards
their loved ones when trying to control and protect that love.
They cannot identify the poison of love being released from
their souls. Therefore, they cannot balance love and
dedication, helping and saving everyone and all creatures.
+ The mind suffers because of hatred. People become
miserable in torment and resentful towards each other
because of things they do not like or hurt each other. The
toxins of ignorance of this kind of suffering cause them to
wallow without transforming into virtuous actions. They are
vicious and cling to people and things they hate. They do not
realize the value of interactions in life that help them
understand the toxins and goodness within them. So, they
become a waste of human life immersed in this suffering.
+ The mind suffers because it has wisdom. Arrogance
and contempt for others who do not have the same
intelligence and education as themselves cause these people
to sink into the suffering of having intelligence. They cling and
linger in pride in the wisdom they possess. They are
immersed in that ignorance and do not know how to take
advantage of the intellectual values they have to help people,
animals, and all species. They do not understand that when
they leave their bodies behind in the human world, they will
be forgotten, and no one will remember them when they fail
to bring noble values to people and humanity. It is the
enlightenment of wisdom without realizing it, so they are
engrossed in the pride of the knowledge they have.
+ The mind suffers because it has no wisdom. Suffering
is expressed as fear, low self -esteem, resentment, and self -
torture when people see that they do not have the same

understanding and knowledge as others. They suffer in
accepting their lives as they are. They suffered under the
oppression and domination of the higher classes, of those
with intelligence and power. They do not realize that their life
scenario is like thi s to awaken the goodness within them to
rise to study and overcome that adversity.
+ The mind suffers because of the success in wishing.
From suffering to hoping for things, people do not possess,
their suffering increases by wishing. The attachments of
desires to satisfy what they want to keep their souls cling to
everything. When they achieve what they desire by begging
from someone or the invisible world, they continue to be
immersed in the suffering of possession and wisdom. They
are bound to the idea that they are more intelligent than
others to achieve things t hey cannot possess. These toxins
cause people to be immersed in intellectual ignorance, and
they cannot recognize the value of learning, cultivating
enlightened knowledge, and activating the goodness within
them.
+ The mind suffers due to failure in hope. The opposite
of the suffering of success in wishing is the suffering of failure.
When people fail in their wishes, they become miserable,
suffering because of unsatisfied possessions and losses and
trade-offs, and in the end, they still fail. Not only do they suffer
from not achieving desires that they are unable to fulfil, but
they also suffer from not having things and having low self -
esteem about their intelligence. They are absorbed in this
suffering and other related sufferings without realizing that
they must cultivate enlightened wisdom to understand
everything and practice to activate the goodness within them.

Suffering and Methods of Liberation

+ The mind suffers due to actions. That is when people
are immersed in suffering due to attachment and ignorance of
wisdom on things they own, do not possess, have knowledge,
do not have wisdom, success and failure in their wishes,
hatred, and love. They will practice actions in the suffering of
crystallization from the above pains. Their actions not only
hurt their souls by the negative energy produced but also hurt
everyone and all species. When they act in pain and hurt
everyone and all living things, it results from a mechanism
that produces countless negative energy particles. These
energy particles are the negative karma they create. That
causes their souls to be more strongly decomposed by the
attack of destructive energy.
+ The mind suffers because of inaction. Also, from the
suffering of other human sufferings, they transform into the
suffering of inactivity. It can be understood that, from other
pains, people are bound and cling to the ignorance that their
wisdom possesse s. They become selfish to satisfy their
ignorance in life without practising helping actions and saving
people and all species. Failure to act to activate each person's
goodness causes their souls to become weakened by an excess
of negative energy within t hem, while positive energy is not
produced. That causes the soul to suffer more and more
because of the decay process within them.
- The cause of suffering in the mind is because people
are immersed in the wisdom of ignorance and are not
illuminated by the light of enlightened understanding.
Therefore, human souls become miserable in all forms with
which they interact in life. There a re three specific causes as
follows:

+ People do not understand themselves and others:
they do not understand that there is a soul within them, the
nature and mission of the soul when incarnated as a human.
They do not understand the soul's origin and wish to
reincarnate as a human being to live in suffering. They do not
understand the value of suffering and what this life brings
them. Therefore, people are immersed in the suffering of life
and create countless harm to others and all living beings. Just
as they do not know, they must practice kind actions towards
everyone and all creatures to help their souls transform
sustainably.
+ People do not understand everything, events, and
phenomena in life and the universe. That is not understanding
the nature of truth, including the toxins and goodness that
exist within everything. Therefore, when people interact with
them, they become cli ngy and attached to things. The toxins
of people, things, events, and phenomena are linked together,
causing people to sink deeply into suffering and disaster.
+ People do not understand the nature of destructive
energy. That is not understanding the toxicity and value of
destructive energy. That is not understanding the mechanism
of action of destructive energy, so it is easy to be influenced
and destroyed by th em. When dominated, the soul becomes
painful and loses control until permanently destroyed.
- Method of liberating suffering in the mind: when each
person is enlightened by the intellectual light of the two
truths, we will understand the truth of all types of suffering
and the causes of suffering. Then, we have the most
miraculous method of liberation from pain. We will no longer
grope or be ignorant in liberating pain from any other

Suffering and Methods of Liberation

solution. The magic way to liberate suffering is for each
person to race against time, face and release all agony. As
follows:
+ We have to race against time because the time of a
human life passes very fast. Each person does not know when
they will get sick and die. When people die, people no longer
have the opportunity to understand and transform their souls
in that human life. In addition, racing against time helps the
soul produce countless sustainable energy particles for their
development and become safe when attacked by destructive
energy. Generating many positive energy particles will help
neutralize the negative energy of negative karma, and then
disasters and negative karma will be dissipated in the future.
Other sufferings are also easily overcome.
+ We have to face all the sufferings and tribulations in
the four forms of life with countless interacting scenarios.
That means people should not run away when encountering
suffering. Because the tuelinhs vow to incarnate as a humans
to experience suffering, thereby understanding the three
things, it is not allowed to run away or avoid them. Each type
of suffering is an ideal environment with enough pressure and
maximum compression to help the toxins in each soul be
released and activ ate the goodness withi n through that
suffering.
+ The next is liberation from all suffering s and
calamities. That is to practice the mechanism of forcing out
and eliminating all toxins in your soul. At the same time,
maximize the goodness within yourself. Doing this helps the
inner soul to carry out the sustainable transformation
mechanism. It me ans that the tuelinh is implementing the

mechanism of producing positive energy particles in large
quantities and negative energy particles in sufficient amounts
for sustainable development. To practice this mechanism,
each person must destroy the wisdom of ignorance and
practice the knowledge of enlightenment. That is not harming
any person or species and trying to practice helping actions,
saving everyone and all species.
+ Finally, practice sharing the truths of enlightened
knowledge with everyone to understand and practice. That is
the most miraculous mechanism to help the inner tuelinh
transform into a mature tuelinh and achieve an energy filter
within the tuelinh.
Achievements achieved after liberation from suffering:
When each person understands the knowledge of complete
enlightenment and at the same time practices the mechanism
of sustainable transformation through all interactive
scenarios in life. Each person's inner tuelinh will mature
quickly, from baby tuelinhs to mature tuelinhs. Internal toxins
are eliminated, and good values are developed to produce
countless sustainable energy particles with super intelligence
stored inside each energy particle. When there is a sufficient
quantity and quality of energy particles within the tuelinh
structure, they will be supported by the first tuelinh to
transform the yin and yang embryo inside into a perfect
energy filter. The tuelinh can absorb destructive energy and
produce super -energy particles at that time. These super -
energy particles make that intelligence immortal and help
everything in the universe develop sustainably. That is
heaven, nirvana, compassion, bliss, happiness, joy in the mind,
and wisdom. This achievem ent results from experiencing all

Suffering and Methods of Liberation

the sufferings and tribulations during countless lives of
practice in the human world."
When the Teacher finished the lecture, a student
immediately said, "Teacher, your enlightened knowledge is
completely different from all knowledge in religions or
philosophical views. You show everyone the truth about all
things inside and outside the univ erse, showing the path to
liberation through the smallest actions in human life.
Knowledge of the two truths does not allow anyone to
abandon family, spouse, or children to seek enlightenment in
some pure place. Do not allow people to harm each other or
all living beings because that is the path to self -destruction.
Everyone must practice helping and saving each other and all
species because that is a sustainable transformation
mechanism to save oneself and others. In particular, from the
knowledge of the t wo truths, people should not ask for
forgiveness from God or Buddha. Even if you ask, you won't
get forgiveness. Because intelligence, souls, and humans have
no faults. The first tuelinh took all tuelinhs to incarnate as
humans to help them understand themselves, all things in the
universe, and the energy of destruction through suffering in
human form. It is the boundless compassion and love that the
Father of the universe helps us, silently guiding us to
overcome all the sufferings of life to understand an d grow.
The fact that we can eliminate all toxins and activate the
goodness within is immeasurable gratitude and thanks to the
great Father of humanity and the universe. The Father is the
fully enlightened being, and he is not only the Father but also
the Teacher of humanity and the universe. Your lectures are

extremely valuable and profound for everyone and
humanity."
Another student immediately asked the Teacher,
"Teacher, how can everyone, all tuelinhs, know that they have
eliminated all the toxins within themselves?" "Your question
is great. Types of suffering, causes of suffering, methods to
eliminate suffering, pra ctice of spreading enlightened
knowledge, and achievements after liberating all suffering I
preach. All of them are true information that is exposed so
every human and tuelinh to know, learn, and practice. That is
the only path to complete enlightenment: to save all tuelinhs,
humans, animals, and everything. You have learned about the
different types of suffering in the two groups of human
suffering. These are the products of toxins released from the
interactive scenarios in the four forms of life that Nala s
Nalanda has built in the human world. When a type of toxin is
released, that tuelinh will have to go through many similar
scenarios to eliminate all the toxins of that type of poison. To
do that, the five messengers of Nalas Nalanda will build and
upgrade the most difficult and complex scenarios for each
type of toxin. When the person and the tuelinh inside no
longer have the smallest unit of poison, all the goodness from
that poison must be activated to overcome that type of
suffering completely. And, yo u know. There are countless
sufferings in the two groups of suffering in the mind and
suffering due to natural laws. To help all tuelinhs complete
their missions, they will be incarnated as humans for many
lifetimes of practice in the human world. Only by doing so can
all toxins be eliminated, and all goodness can be activated
within each tuelinh." "Master, it is truly a long and not easy

Suffering and Methods of Liberation

journey to eliminate all toxins and activate the maximum
goodness within each tuelinh. Thus, each tuelinh will have to
reincarnate for countless lifetimes of practice before it can
achieve full enlightenment and successfully transform the yin
and yang embr yo. That isn't easy to do for all souls and
humans. Do you have the best method to shorten the
reincarnation process and complete the mission of each
tuelinh? I hope you can teach us more." "Yes, of course. Please
relax and review the lectures you have hea rd, listen many
times, read many times, and discuss together. That invaluable
information will be stored in the yin and yang embryo of the
soul inside each person and, of course, in each person's brain.
I will explain that miraculous method in the followin g
lectures."
When they heard the Teacher say that, the students in
a worried mood suddenly became happy. They are worried
because they realize that becoming an enlightened being is
not easy; it is even too difficult for them. However, when they
heard a lecture about the most miraculous method to become
enlightened quickly, they became happy and radiant with a
smile on their lips.