Chapter Sixteen

The Smallest Energy Particle

My memory suddenly recalls a dark time for humanity
due to an extremely dangerous Covid -19 epidemic. That
dangerous pandemic spread worldwide for many years and
caused countless deaths. People worldwide were locked
down and could not move between regions a nd countries.
Death, poverty, decline and economic loss haunt all humanity.
Many people became out of control in their thoughts and
actions. Medicine calls it mental illness. After this deadly
pandemic, mental health diseases have broken out in many
age gr oups. The sequelae of that epidemic not only cause
mental illnesses but also causes people to suffer from many
other diseases. Through that epidemic, the truth of humanity
is revealed more and more intensely. Those are the toxins in
each person that are unleashed. Many people take advantage
of the complicated epidemic situation to commit fraud and
robbery, and some take advantage of their high positions to
commit corruption and cause heavy losses for people and the
country. Some people, for profit, produce fake and poor -
quality drugs to profit during epidemics. Besides, people's
kindness is also strongly activated. Many people do not care

about danger to participate in helping the sick. Many people
donate money and effort to help people. Many scientists are
constantly trying to research and develop particular
medicines to help patients. Doctors are not afraid of danger
when coming into contact with patients carrying fiercely
contagious diseases to cure patients. Society then became
confused and scared. Many places worldwide were blocked,
and people were not allowed to leave their homes and travel
to other sites.
His classes also had to close for a year, which was the
year when the epidemic was most intense and fierce in the
country where he lived. The epidemic was like many
continuous tsunamis, which worried the students and
patients attending his classes. They we re constantly in
contact to stay informed about their health during that bad
time. It was wonderful that none of his students were in
danger during that pandemic, even though many were
infected with that hazardous virus. The teacher and students
all missed class; they all wanted the epidemic to end soon and
to return to class to continue with great lectures.
When the government lifted the blockade order in the
classroom area and the place where he lived, he went to the
classroom to work every day. Besides, three of the teacher's
most wonderful students also came to class every day. They
were young men; two got wives, had children, and were
siblings. And one man is not married yet. They have
accompanied him for many years as he spread enlightened
knowledge. They are always by his side when he has
difficulties. Every time the teacher talks to them, he has new
ideas for transforming the wisdom of the two truths to

The Smallest Energy Particle

become superior. Those three students are among the
teacher's outstanding students. They strongly believe in
knowledge and enlightenment practices to help many people.
Even though the epidemic was dangerous, those students still
came to class daily. They c hatted and sipped hot cups of tea
with the teacher.
After that, a few mentally ill people regularly came to
the classroom during many months of that epidemic year to
listen to and receive treatment from the teacher. They got to
class because they lived in the same city where the course was
located and had limited travel within that city.
Also, while not teaching, he considered translating the
sublime knowledge of the smallest energy particles into his
new enlightened knowledge. Because many years ago, when
he transformed the original yin and yang embryo in the
tuelinh into a dual energy fi lter, he created a highly sublime
amount of knowledge. It is the knowledge that people can
hardly understand. But if understood, everyone will
thoroughly understand everything in and out of the universe
and themselves. The sick will miraculously recover, w hether
physically or mentally. The teacher has been thinking about it
for many years because he wants to make that knowledge
simple and understandable for everyone when they learn
about it. Only the teacher can fully understand that sublime
knowledge because it was created from his tuelinh, and he
inherited it. He once told his students that no one would
understand that knowledge and it would not be knowledge to
teach people if he taught them the original sublime
knowledge. However, He is not satisfied that only he
understands that knowledge. Therefore, the teacher

constantly tries to find solutions and transform that
knowledge into knowledge that is easy to learn and
understand while retaining its original value.
A year off from teaching and studying for the teacher
and students was a valuable time for the teacher to transform
that sublime knowledge into easy -to-learn and understand
instructions. He began to talk little by little about the
knowledge of the smallest energy particle to the sick people
and his three excellent students. He drew pictures of the
smallest energy particle and analyzed the details, problems,
and secrets within the particle. Sometimes, students and
patients could not understand the teacher's words because it
was too strange and challenging for them. When he realized
that, he continued to change and transform that knowledge in
different directions of analysis and explanation. In teaching
the knowledge of the smallest energy particles from that
sublime knowledge to the three students and the sick, the
teacher always observed their faces and expressions. Those
subtle observations helped the teacher promptly adjust the
difficulty level and ease of knowledge when teaching and
treating them. That knowledge transformation process lasted
for nearly a year. A year off from teaching due to the epidemic
was of great value to him because he had a lot of time to
transform sublime knowledge into magical teachings of the
smallest energy particles. That is some thing that later when
people listen to, learn or read, they will find it easy to
understand and fully understand because there is knowledge
of energy particles as a standard for understanding and
practising the wisdom of the two truths.

The Smallest Energy Particle

After many months of listening to the teacher analyze
and explain the smallest energy particles in detail, the three
students quickly changed their understanding of enlightened
knowledge. They have applied the knowledge of the smallest
energy particle to explain all the secrets of humans, tuelinhs,
all things, and human suffering. It is a great success when
students can understand some of the s ublime teachings the
teacher has made simpler and easier to understand.
Besides, the teacher observed in detail the patients'
expressions when listening to his lecture and analyzed that
knowledge at different levels. Sometimes, the teacher only
teaches them to comprehend the two truths without
understanding the smallest energy particle. The teacher
meticulously observed everything. He later told his students,
"It's exciting. Every time I preach or talk about the knowledge
of the smallest energy particle, the sick people become
conflicted. But when I wasn't talking about energy particles,
they had no conflicts or manifestations. It is inaccurate if we
look at this to conclude that they are cured of mental illness.
However, when I analyzed different levels, they had different
heavy and light conflicts according to the lecture level. When
talking about the secret information in the particles, the
particles' reincarnation mechanisms, and their movements,
sick people will erupt in extreme uncontrolled conflicts." One
of the students immediately asked, "So, does the soul in them
receive information from the knowledge of energy particles?"
"Yes. Upon hearing the knowledge of the energy particles at
different levels, the patient's severe and mild conflicting
reactions proved that their souls received what I said. That
shows the power of knowledge of the smallest energy particle

in healing human diseases." "Teacher, when you analyze and
talk about the information in the smallest particles, I always
see a stream of energy being transmitted above my head. I feel
tension in my head and forehead. When the teacher stopped
teaching, I felt my head return to normal. The actual result is
that you can use the knowledge of the smallest energy particle
to decode everything in life." "So, transforming that special
knowledge from difficult to easy has been successful. That's
something I've wond ered about for many years. Now it's
done. So, a year of stopping teaching due to the epidemic was
not in vain. I will combine that knowledge with the knowledge
of the two truths to teach classes when the epidemic ends. It
is the most wonderful enlightened knowledge for tuelinhs
and humans."
Then, my memory took me to his other classroom after
the pandemic ended. That was the class where the teacher
taught his students the most understandable knowledge
about the smallest energy particles. Even though he has
converted it into knowledge that is easy to learn and
understand, it is still not easy to know when this knowledge
is so strange to everyone. Therefore, the teacher divided that
enlightened wisdom into many parts to teach in different
lessons. If the teacher talks a lot about that knowledge in a few
lessons, his students will not be able to receive it because the
soul inside them cannot accept and retain it in their yin and
yang embryos.
The teacher said, "In past lives, I taught my students the
knowledge of the two truths and spread it everywhere. At that
time, human knowledge was limited by ideology and social
development. Therefore, I could not preach knowledge about

The Smallest Energy Particle

energy particles to them. Because of this, when students
learned knowledge of the two truths through simple theories
and explanations, they quickly understood and practised
wrongly when moving through different living environments.
It has become a complex problem to solve when each person's
toxins explode strongly. Therefore, understanding and
practising the correct value of knowledge of the two truths
was a great challenge for everyone then. As a result, every
time my tuelinh leaves the body behind to return, the students
in the human world distort the knowledge of the two truths
according to their incorrect understanding. This leads to
subsequent generations of people learning false knowledge,
and their practising path becomes more arduous. To solve
that challenge in this human life, I must offer a particular type
of knowledge combined with an enlightened understanding
of the two truths as a standard for learners and practitioners.
It will help learners and future generations avoid
understanding and practis ing incorrectly. However, this
knowledge is complicated, and people will only be able to
understand it if I transform it into its simplest form. Because
I was concerned about that issue for many years, until today,
I began to preach that particular type of knowledge to you and
everyone.
Please prepare yourself mentally, especially those with
various medical conditions and mental illnesses. Because
when you listen and receive information from this knowledge,
you will have powerful manifestations of conflict in your
body, mind, and intellec t. People who are not sick will feel
tension in the forehead and head and heat all over the body.
People with the disease will have additional symptoms such

as itching, nausea, headaches, bone and joint pain, red rashes
on the skin, more frequent hallucinations, and even loss of
control over the severe mental illness. Those of you who are
sick, please understand that these symptoms are due to toxins
being rele ased from your soul, toxins being released from
your body when your soul receives the information of the
lecture through the brain.
In previous lessons, I have repeatedly mentioned the
smallest energy particle so that you can get acquainted and
understand its basic information. Today, I begin to analyse
deeply knowledge about the smallest energy particle. It would
be best to concentrate on listening and re -listen many times
to understand quickly. When you understand, your soul will
build a wonderful ideology to practice the mechanism of
producing sustainable energy particles.

The Smallest Energy Particle

For the smallest energy particle, please look closely at
the simulation of a type of energy particle. It is the smallest
positive energy particle. Please observe to remember it; it will
help you build exceptional thinking compared to what you
have learned.
The structure of the smallest energy particle consists of
three parts: the shape of the particle, the intellectual wave
code strand, and the internal energy state of the particle. As
follows:
- First factor. That is the intellectual wave code in the
particle, and it begins to form from point (1) to point (3). This
intellectual wave code is the information storage part of the
particle, also known as the particle's intelligence. The
intellectual wave code is born first among the three elements
of the smallest energy particle. It is generated by any physical
structure formed from the original yin and yang energy
embryo. People, animals, trees, vegetation, rocks, water, and
planets can be seen. Next are physical structures that humans
cannot see with their eyes, such as tuelinhs, human souls,
animal souls, and souls residing in plants and rocks.
- The second factor. That is the shape of the smallest
energy particle. The particle is oval, a transparent white
membrane that protects the strand of the intellectual wave
code and the energy state within. The particle's membrane is
formed after the intellectual wave code fibre is born.
- Third factor. It is the energy state inside the particle.
It can be called an electric wave state. The energy state is born
from point (2) in the wisdom wave code. From point number
2, it forms negative, positive, or neutral energy particles. It is
also the point that generates power for the energy particle.

Once the energy state is generated, it is stored inside the
particle, and it has different colours depending on point (2) in
the intellectual wave code strand. The energy state of the
particle is also a symbol of the information quality of the
intellectual wave code fibre. Therefore, through the colour of
the particles, we can evaluate the information quality of
different types of energy particles.
The three elements that make up the smallest energy
particle cannot be separated from each other. If one of the
three elements is missing, the energy particle will not exist.
They are closely linked and protected each other. Then, from
the smallest energy particles, they bond together to form
larger physical structures.
Next, let's look at the simulation of the three types of
intellectual wave codes of the smallest energy particle. The
picture is a simulation of three kinds of intellectual wave
codes in the type of negative energy particles. The same is
true for neutral and positive particles. Please observe the
intellectual wave code of all three types. The intellectual wave
code is the segment from point (1) to point (3). In p articular,
the segment from point (1) to point (2) is the vibration wave
code segment. The segment from point number (2) to point
number (3) is the intellectual segment. The intellectual wave
code fibres of all the smallest energy particles that make up
all things in the universe are divided into three types:
+ Simple intellectual wave code.
+ Complex intellectual wave code.
+ Super-complex intellectual wave code.
As follows:

The Smallest Energy Particle

- Simple intellectual wave code fibre. This type of
intellectual wave code fibre forms the smallest simple energy

particle. Then, those particles bond to form simple physical
structures such as plants, water, rocks, human bodies, animal
bodies, solid matter, liquid matter, gas matter, planets, stars,
and all the matter humans can see in the universe. It is called
the simple intellectual wave code or simple energy particle
because of the vibration code that creates it. It means that in
the vibrating wave code of a simple energy particle, there is
little information encoded, the amount and quality of data are
simple, the vibrational wave beats between the negative and
positive extremes are not many, and the speed of information
vibration is the slowest compared to the other two groups of
energy particles. So, when they join together to form larger
physical structures, hum ans can see, touch, and feel those
materials.
- Complex intellectual wave code fibre. This type of
intellectual wave code fibre forms a complex energy particle.
When those particles connect, they will create energy flows to
nourish and operate the movement and existence of the
universe. When they join the yin and yang particles, they will
form the yin and yang energy embryos and become intelligent
souls in rocks, trees, and animals. This type of particle is called
a complex or complex intellectual wave code because the
vibrating wave code creates that characteristic. It means that
the vibrating wave code has a lot of encoded information, and
the amount and quality of the encoded data are complex. The
vibrational wave beats moving between the negative and
positive extremes are very large, and the speed of information
vibration is also very fast. Therefore, this type of matter has a
quicker moving speed than the moving speed of simple

The Smallest Energy Particle

matter. It is also why humans cannot see this matter with
their eyes.
- Super-complex intellectual wave code fibre. It is called
super-complex energy particle or super-complex intelligence
wave code thread because its vibrational wave code forms
that characteristic. The quantity and quality of information
encoded in the vibration wave code is vast and super complex.
The vibrational wave beats between the positive and negative
extremes are many more than the groups of simple and
complex particles. The speed of information vibration is
super-fast. These yin and yang energy part icles with super -
complex intelligence wave codes connect and develop into
tuelinh and tuelinh life forms. Because the vibration speed in
the intellectual wave code is super -fast, humans cannot see
them with their simple eyes.
Thus, the three most minor groups of energy particles
with different intellectual wave codes constitute the three
types of matter of the universe. Simple matter is made up of
simple energy particles that form planets and the entire
universe. Complex matter is complex energy particles
residing in simple matter to help each other survive and
develop. Super-matter is tuelinh formed from super-complex
energy particles. They build and operate the life of the
universe with their superior intelligence. They are th e most
intelligent life forms in the universe, so they are responsible
for creating, protecting, and sustainably developing all forms
of matter in and outside the universe. They control complex
groups of matter linked with simple groups of matter to form
magical orbits of all planets in the universe.

The Smallest Energy Particle

You continue to look at the picture depicting the three
types of properties of the smallest energy particles. Observe
the characteristics of each particle.
Each simple, complex, and super -complex energy
particle they are divided into three different characteristics. It
includes negative thermal properties, called negative energy
particles; positive thermal properties, called positive energy
particles; and neu tral thermal properties, called neutral
energy particles. Each type of particle characteristic has a
different nature. As follows:
- Positive energy particles have the nature of radiating
heat, transmitting information from the inside to the outside
environment. Inside the particle is stored valuable
information that is comprehensive and true. Positive energy
particles can bond with n egative energy particles to become
yin and yang energy embryos, which then develop into larger
physical structures. In addition, they connect to form
aggregate positive energy particles to build their system to
become stronger.
- Negative energy particles have the nature of
absorbing heat and absorbing information from the outside
environment into itself. Inside is stored valuable information
that is missing or incorrect. Negative energy particles can
bond with positive energy pa rticles to become yin and yang
energy embryos, which then develop into larger physical
structures. In addition, they connect to form aggregate
negative energy particles to establish their system to become
stronger.
- Neutral energy particles are balanced in nature and
become the linking material between positive particles

synthesized together to develop a more robust physical
structure.
The three types of energy particle properties have
different natures, but they become perfect pieces of each
other. They can be linked together to become physical
structures more extensive than the smallest particle. That is
why, from the smallest simple energy particles that cannot be
seen with the human eye, they bond with countless particles
to become physical structures that humans can see and touch.
Of course, humans cannot see complex matter and super -
matter with their eyes."
When the teacher finished the first lecture on the
knowledge of the smallest energy particles, some students
were interested, while others found it difficult to understand.
The facial expressions show that.
Understanding that the teacher asked, "Is this
knowledge difficult? Do you find it easy to understand?"
"Teacher, when I listen ed to your lecture, I f ound it easy to
understand and visualize because you simulated that
knowledge with the image of the smallest energy particle.
However, I still have not see the knowledge of the two truths
in the smallest particle." The teacher laughed and said, "It is
two truths because it is the truth, the nature of things,
phenomena, tuelinhs, animals, humans, and everything in the
universe. The knowledge about energy particles just learned
is the basic foundation to enter into special thinking and
special enlightened knowledge."
The teacher continued to ask, "Do you feel any
expression or conflict when you hear this new knowledge?"
"Teacher, I feel hot over my body and tightness on my head

The Smallest Energy Particle

and forehead." Another student said, "I feel more pain and
headache than in previous classes." "In the coming lessons,
the informational value of knowledge will be much stronger,
so the manifestations of conflicts between your body, mind,
and brain will ap pear more strongly. You should not worry.
Those manifestations are perfect because your soul can
receive special information about that knowledge. This helps
the mind to become enlightened quickly and thoroughly, and
mental and physical illnesses will be cured faster."
After that class, his students often talked to each other
about energy particles. A term for the smallest energy particle
was born, spreading everywhere through his lectures and
students. The enlightened knowledge of the two truths has
been embedded in the smallest particle of energy, becoming
increasingly popular as people learn and practice that
knowledge.