Chapter Seventeen

The Truth of The Universe with the
Knowledge of the Smallest Energy Particle

A week passed, and the teacher's students came to class
early as a habit. Unlike previous weeks, this week is probably
a special week for them. They look forward to the teacher's
new lecture on enlightened knowledge associated with
energy particles to help them gain a deep and thorough
understanding of the knowledge of the two truths. Because
the first lesson about the smallest energy particle is strange
knowledge to everyone, the desire to discover more about
that knowledge has made them more eager than ev er. When
the students heard the teacher say that special knowledge
helped them build a special type of thinking, but they did not
clearly understand how to apply it to problems in life,
curiosity arose in them. Before the class started, some
students asked each other, "Does anyone know about the
special knowledge you mentioned to solve any problem?" An
adult woman immediately answered the young girl's
question, "What are you going to class to learn?" "I have
suffered from hallucinations for many years. I ha ve been
treated at the hospital and through rituals, but it has not cured

me. When I knew that people were suffering from different
mental illnesses, they were cured after learning the teacher's
knowledge. Therefore, I would like to ask the teacher to
participate in this class to heal body, mind, and wisdom." The
old woman immediately replied, "That's right, his knowledge
and classes are to heal the sick body, mind, the ignorant
wisdom of people, and the tuelinh. That is knowledge to help
people and tuelinhs to liberate all suffering. Therefore, I think
the special knowledge he discussed is to help us and everyone
heal our body, mind, and intellect most thoroughly and
effectively." "That would be great, sister. I hope to recover
quickly. After many years of living with a mental illness that
could not be cured, my intelligence wors ened, and I always
thought negatively about life. My relatives thought I was
pretending to be sick, and they didn't believe what I said. They
advised me to find good psychics to perform the ceremony
and become a psychic to cure my illness. But when I had t o
pay a lot for the rituals, my illness did not improve or worsen,
so I decided not to follow the psychics anymore." "Try and
listen diligently to learn the teacher's knowledge for a long
time, and you will be cured. I have witnessed several friends
with mental illnesses of varying severity. They only studied
and then practised according to the teacher's knowledge and
were cured. They strictly follow the teacher's instructions and
do not take psychiatric drugs. That's why they recovered
quickly. When they s tudied, they did not learn special
knowledge; they only learned theoretical knowledge from
two truths. And we are now learning special knowledge. We
and everyone together try to learn to recover from illness and
gain enlightenment." Another student continued, "Healing the

The Truth of The Universe with the Knowledge of the Smallest Energy Particle

body, mind, and intellect with information is strange for
everyone. Because people only think that knowledge or
information helps people have more knowledge and better
intellectual thinking. No one thinks that knowledge can cure
the diseases of the body an d the mind of the soul. His
knowledge is a special kind of wisdom."
After enjoying a hot morning tea, the teacher started his
new lecture. "You. Today's lesson will be more complicated
than the lesson about the smallest energy particles in the
previous lesson. In the last session, you only learned the
basics of energy particles. Still, I will detail the internal nature
of particles and how it is associated with the two truths.
Because the knowledge of energy particles is challenging, I
have to divide it into many different lessons so that everyone
can easily understand and have a multi -dimensional and
comprehensive view after learning the knowledge of the two
truths. Today's lesson is the truth of the universe tied to the
smallest particle of energy. That does not mean that the other
lessons are not universal truths. It woul d be best if you
remembered that all of my lectures are the truth of the
universe and the truth of enlightenment. These two noble
truths are analyzed and dissected in many environments,
scenarios, situations, interactions, and lessons. You cannot
study in one session or in a short time to receive a massive
amount of knowledge of the two truths. If you try to force
yourself to accept it like that, your soul will be overloaded and
confused, leading to losing control of thoughts and actions.
You can only receive and absorb enough information to make
your soul comfortable and motivated for the long journey
ahead. That also creates a lesson for parents, not forcing their

children to study day and night. Because when you force them
to learn a lot while their souls and young brains are incapable
of receiving it, they become confused and lose control of their
behaviour. Let them have fun and enjoy their childhood while
playing and learning. You have no right to force your children
to do what you want because your souls and those of your
children are different. Each soul has different intellectual
abilities; no one is the same, so you should not force your
children to be as tal ented as you. Souls come to the human
world to help each other practice and are not each other's
property. Why do I say that? Because it is the essence of the
truth of the universe. When I answer that, someone will ask
me what I use as a standard to say th at it is the truth of the
universe. Do you find that question reasonable? It is very
practical and precise. I'm sorry anyone asked me that
question because I have standards for everything I say. The
knowledge of two truths is standard and referenced by
understanding the smallest energy particle.
When you understand the truth of the universe, you
will understand and answer the three things that tuelinhs and
humans are searching for to gain radical enlightenment. You
will understand yourself and others, all things, events,
phenomena in life and the universe, and the energy of
destruction. You must know that destructive energy is not the
energy that makes up groups of matter in the universe, but it
is the fuel source for the existence and development of the
universe. Its habitat is outside the universe, but it is also found
in many places inside the universe. Regarding destructive
energy, you should temporarily understand that. In other
appropriate lectures, I will analyze destructive energy. You

The Truth of The Universe with the Knowledge of the Smallest Energy Particle

cannot use a simple theory of the truth of the universe to
understand the three things that tuelinhs and humans are
searching for answers to. That is impossible, and the failures
of yourselves, of everyone, and my students in past lives are
proof of that. Because pure theory will have no accurate
reference and no standards to build a superior thinking
system, at that time, humans and tuelinhs could not decipher
the ultimate truth of all things in and out of the universe. For
me, this human life is the most wonderful thing. I have found
a unique reference and standard to help you decode and
thoroughly understand tuelinhs, yourselves, and all things,
events, and phenomena in and outside the universe.
First, I will analyze the theory of universal truth. You
will see its limitations when no standard and magical
reference to the smallest energy particle exists. But you will
be surprised, even happy, when you know the magic value of
knowledge in energy par ticles associated with the theory of
universal truth after being analyzed by me. And now, you join
me in discovering the truth of the universe with the smallest
particle of energy.
The theory of the truth of the universe is all things,
events, and phenomena in and outside the universe are not
created by themselves, and they are not destroyed by
themselves; suffering does not come by itself; it does not go by
itself; all are cause and effect.
You will find it easy to remember and understand when
you hear or read that reasoning about the truth of the
universe. After a journey of study and research, you conclude,
"Ah, that's cause and effect. It's like we plant a seed and later
receive the fruit of the tree we planted. That is the natural law

of all things, tuelinhs, and humans. I will choose to do good
deeds and avoid evil deeds." That proves that learners and
readers cannot understand further and cannot discover the
truth of all things, events, and phenomena in and outside the
universe. They only understand one simple thing: do good
deeds and avoid evil deeds. But they need help understanding
why they should do so. They cannot understand their true
nature, their souls, and others. They are entirely
incomprehensible.
Do you see that the theory of universal truth is good and
beneficial to everyone? It is a good theory and valuable to
everyone because it helps people have the mindset of doing
good deeds and staying away from evil deeds because of cause
and effect. They look at other people and things the same way.
Everything is created by cause and effect, and nothing is
natural. The same goes for their suffering, that of others, and
all things. Thus, the theory of universal truth is excellent
because it brings moral value to people so they can try to build
according to that moral value. But people will need help
understanding the three secrets that tuelinhs and humans are
searching for. Only when finding the truth of those three
things will tuelinhs and humans become enli ghtened beings.
At that time, the tuelinh can transform the yin and yang
embryo into a perfect energy filter. Only then is there
immortality, nirvana, peace and freedom.
To thoroughly understand the three secrets, you must
understand the secret information inside the smallest energy
particle and its movement mechanism. To achieve such
enlightened wisdom, combining the theory of universal truth
and the knowledge of the smal lest energy particle will solve

The Truth of The Universe with the Knowledge of the Smallest Energy Particle

that problem. The theory of the truth of the universe is
valuable instruction for people to understand the smallest
energy particle to all things in and outside the universe.
Besides, the entire secret and truth of the smallest energy
particle is the norm, the most accurate standard to help us
understand all three secrets that humans and intelligence are
searching for.
We must think in the following order to easily
understand this special enlightened knowledge. That is a
unique and magical way of thinking, different from everything
you have ever learned. As follows:
1. Step 1: Standardize the truth of the universe into the
smallest energy particles.
Standardization here is to reduce all people, tuelinhs,
things, events, and phenomena in life and the universe into
the smallest energy particles. Next, analyze the nature of
information and the movement mechanisms through the
smallest energy particles.
Why is it necessary to standardize all things in and out
of the universe into energy particles to understand the three
secrets? Because all things, events, phenomena, people, and
tuelinhs in the universe are formed from the smallest
particles of energy. Th e secret information in the smallest
particle's intellectual wave code defines the particle's
function and mission. As they undergo continuous production
to form larger structures, they operate according to the
informational conventions of the intellectual wave code. The
mechanisms of sustainable or destructive transformation are
also created from the secret of the intellectual wave code.
From when humans were formed until now, everyone has

only searched for excellent or bad manifestations, then found
ways to eliminate bad expressions and follow good ones. In
contrast, they do not search and cannot understand the
ultimate secret of those manifestations. All the expressions
and natures of all things in and outside the universe and of the
smallest energy particles are determined by the quality and
amount of information inside the smallest particle and form a
movement mechanism. Therefore, decoding to understand
the nature of data inside the smal lest energy particle is the
key to opening all the secret doors that tuelinhs and humans
are searching for.
The truth of the universe is the nature of fact, of the
information that exists inside and outside of the smallest
energy particle to all matter inside and outside the universe.
From the intellectual wave code, the smallest energy
particles are created, and from those energy particles, the
physical structures that make up all things in the universe are
created through connection and production. Material
structures with yin and yang energy embryos inside continue
to produce intellectual wave code fibres to form the smallest
energy particles. That constant movement helps everything in
the universe to develop more and more. That helps us
standardize all things, including humans, animals, all species,
and tuelinhs in the universe, into the smallest energy
particles. Because everything is born from the yin and yang
embryo, when the yin and yang embryo is formed from the
connection between a negative energy particle and the
smallest posit ive energy particle, they will move in the
mechanism of producing and connecting the smallest energy
particles. That process causes humans to be formed and

The Truth of The Universe with the Knowledge of the Smallest Energy Particle

developed, the tuelinhs to create and grow, including animals
and everything.
Events are also particles of energy. That is obvious and
the truth of all things in the universe. That is when humans
interact with each other, animals interact with each other,
tuelinhs interact with each other, or between them interact
with each other. T he smallest energy particles will be
produced in their yin and yang embryos. They make the
smallest particles of energy because they absorb and transmit
information to each other during interactions. When the
process of interaction and action absorbs enough
information, energy partic les will be produced from the yin
and yang embryo. Those energy particles store the
informational nature of each subject's internal and external
environment that interacts and makes it. That's why it's
important to standardize things into energy particles.
The phenomenon must also be standardized into the
smallest energy particle. The phenomenon is similar to
human, animal, and tuelinhs' interactions. Those are groups
of energies that react with each other or abide in each other
as the soul of complex matter abides in the simple matter, and
the tuelinh resides in the human body. This process creates
interacting phenomena and produces the smallest energy
particles for each type of matter participating in that
interaction and reaction. That is also why it is ne cessary to
normalize the phenomenon into the smallest energy particle.
Everything, events, and phenomena are neither created
nor destroyed by themselves; it depends on cause and effect.
Creation and destruction are all reaction and interaction
processes from the smallest energy particles to all matter in

and outside the universe. The process of producing particles
and linking in the direction of decay or sustainability is the
cause and effect of each subject. You must understand more
deeply that cause and effect is the smallest energy particle.
When subjec ts practice the transformation mechanism,
whether sustainable or decaying, new energy particles are
produced and then linked to become new structures that are
stable or decayed. Therefore, whether they are born or
destroyed, they are all the smallest energy particles.
The suffering of all things, tuelinhs, and people does not
come or go by itself; it is all cause and effect. The agony of all
things is standardized into the suffering of the smallest
energy particle when they encode incorrectly or lack accurate
information within. Then, there will be an information
disorder reaction, and they will practice the mechanism of
destructive transformation. Suffering ends when the
information stored is accurate and comprehensive; then, we
practice the mechanism of sustainable cha nge. When it
becomes stable, grief will end.
Please standardize all events, phenomena, all things,
yourself, others, and tuelinhs into energy particles when you
want to understand yourself, others, and all things. That is the
first step in building a unique enlightened mindset of
combining the knowledge of the two truths with the wisdom
of the smallest energy particle.
2. Step two: Discover the secret information inside the
smallest energy particle.
In discovering and decoding the inner secrets of the
smallest energy particles and their transformation

The Truth of The Universe with the Knowledge of the Smallest Energy Particle

mechanism, you will thoroughly understand the three secrets
of everything in and out of the universe.
For the process of discovery and decoding to be
successful and to gain a thorough understanding, you always
standardize yourself, everyone, the tuelinhs, and all things in
and outside the universe into the smallest energy particles.
This process is not only in this lesson but also covers all other
lessons in the knowledge of the two truths.

Please look closely at the image that simulates the
knowledge of the truth of the universe with the smallest
energy particle.
Next, you remember the images and words that Nalas
Nalanda said to the tuelinhs at the conference, unifying the

practising path of tuelinhs in human form in the human world.
You remember the image of snakes slithering into a plate of
white powder, and they hid inside it. The image of a big snake
slithering into the bushes near where Nalas Nalanda sat, then
of a small snake slithering behind into the bushes. Next came
his words, "To save the tuelinhs and the universe, I will use
the toxin to activate the toxin." After that, you remembered
his four teachings during the conference gathering humanity.
It helps you unders tand that the scenarios of human
interaction with animals and tuelinhs in the human world
through the four forms of human life are significant. It is the
magical key for tuelinhs and humans to seek and understand
the three secrets successfully.
Now, you relax before entering the journey of decoding
the information secrets of the smallest energy particles and
decoding yourself, others and everything. You will also
understand your past, present, and future and everything.
To understand all three secrets, you first need to know
that if you want to understand yourself, you must understand
others and everything around you. On the contrary, if you're
going to understand others and things around you, you must
understand yourself . These two things always go together;
they cannot be separated. Why? Because other people
themselves are a mirror and an external environment. Any
object itself is a mirror and an external environment. Yourself
is a mirror and an internal environment. Wit hin the energy
particle is the internal environment, and everything outside
each energy particle is the external environment. Interaction
between matter, people, and tuelinhs with each other will
help each person see the manifestations of each other,

The Truth of The Universe with the Knowledge of the Smallest Energy Particle

themselves, and all things. The expressions are the inner
nature of each energy particle. The nature of the information
encoded inside defines its functions and tasks. We consider
ourselves a mirror so we can see ourselves, consider others
as a mirror so w e can see ourselves and them, and consider
all things as mirrors so we can see ourselves and them. That
creates magic in decoding the secrets of everything,
ourselves, and everyone.
Please look at points A and B in the image of the
smallest energy particle. That is the external environment,
including the negative and positive environments. These two
environments blend and exist together. We need to interact
with each environment to understand its manifestations and
nature. In the outside environment, it corresponds to the
image of a huge poisonous snake and a small poisonous snake
slithering into the bushes to hide. You can't recognize them if
you don't go into the bushes to look for them.
Continue to look at points A' and B' inside the energy
particle. It is the negative and positive environment inside
each energy particle. It is goodness and poison inside. That is
the image of poisonous snakes slithering into a plate of white
powder and hiding inside. No one can see them. It means no
one outside can see the toxins and goodness inside the
particle. It cannot see it either. Tuelinhs and humans cannot
also see themselves.
What will happen next so that the excellent and toxic
values of the internal and external environments can emerge?
Those are the reactions in different environments. For
tuelinhs, it is the human environment. This environment gives
them countless interactive scenarios in the four forms of life

to help them understand themselves, others, and everything.
That is the priceless value of the human incarnation journey
of tuelinhs in the human world.
And now, you will accompany the analysis of the truth
of the universe through the smallest energy particle. As
follows:
- The smallest energy particle is not created by itself.
For the smallest particle of energy to be born, the entity that
made it must go through a highly complicated journey. The
subject that produces the smallest energy particles is all
physical structure s with the original yin and yang embryo
inside, including humans, animals, tuelinhs, and everything.
As follows:
+ The process of acquiring information. The subject
must go through a journey of interacting and reacting with
other subjects in the external environment. The external
environment includes negative and positive environments.
The environment is the appearance of energy particles, all
kinds of matter, people, animals, tuelinh, and everything. The
external environment includes sounds, languages, ideologies,
phenomena, and interactive actions. The subject's interaction
process with the external environment creates a result called
information collected from the outside. That external
information is absorbed by point (1) in the yin particle of the
original yin-yang embryo inside the subject. The root negative
particle performs the inform ation acquisition process
because that is its function and task. The positive energy
particles in the original yin and yang embryo support the
analysis and selection of absorbed information.

The Truth of The Universe with the Knowledge of the Smallest Energy Particle

+ Next, the subject appears to have the idea of
converting the collected information into action. When the
subject's interaction process has absorbed an amount of data
accumulated at point (1) of the negative energy particle in the
original yin and yang em bryo, the positive energy particle in
the yin and yang embryo begins to perform its function: to
analyze the external information that has accumulated at
point (1) of the yin particle.
+ The decoding and encoding of information occur at
the vibration wave code of the two original negative and
positive particles. The vibration wave code segment is from
point (1) to point (2). This process is stressful, causing
information conflicts betwee n the original positive and
negative particles. It is the process of comparing the internal
information of yin and yang particles in the original embryo
with the external data absorbed at point number (1), and the
interaction process is ongoing. The information inside the two
original yin and yang particles will conflict with each other to
accept the reception of what kind of outside information is
allowed to exist in them. This process stimulates the
information values that have or have not been activated in the
two intellectual wave code strands of the original yin and
yang embryo to be released. This process results in the
vibrating waves in both the original positive and negative
particle's intellectual wave code vibrating to retain new
information from the outside them.
+ Next, at point number (2), the ideological point of the
intellectual wave code thread in the negative particle or both
the original positive and negative particles vibrate. It then
forms a new ideology, combining its new and old information.

At this stage, if the old ideology of the original negative
particle wins, only the new negative particle will be produced
from the intellectual wave code of the original negative
particle. If the yang particle's original ideology wins, the new
yin, yang, and neutral particles are produced from the original
yin-yang embryo.
+ The action process produces energy particles. It is the
segment from point (2) to point (3) in the intellectual wave
code. After creating the ideology, the subject performs
interactive actions with other things, other people, animals,
or tuelinhs. At the end of the interaction, new strands of
intellectual wave code are copied from the two original
strands of intellectual wave code of the yin and yang embryo.
Sometimes, it's just a negative intellectual wave code or full
negative, positive, and neutral int elligence wave codes. The
result depends on decoding and creating the ideology of the
original yin and yang embryo.
- The smallest particle of energy does not disappear on
its own. After the energy particle is generated by the
interaction and information reaction process between the
internal and external environment, it depends on what types
of energy particles are prod uced, and they have different
transformation mechanisms. From there, we will see their
transformation. As follows:
+ If the toxins of the original negative particle win, it
will aggregate into a harmful ideology and produce a negative
particle. Only negative particles are made, while the subject
does not have positive particles. From here, the entity and the
born particles will create a transformation mechanism in the
direction of decay and destruction.

The Truth of The Universe with the Knowledge of the Smallest Energy Particle

+ If the original positive particle's accurate information
can control the negative particle's toxicity. Positive and
neutral particles will be produced, and the subject will also
have enough negative particles to become a more sustainable
structure accord ing to the sustainable transformation
mechanism.
Thus, the birth and death of the smallest energy particle
to all things in the universe result from information reactions
between the internal and external environment. The victory
of one of the two ideologies within the original yin and yang
embryo will d etermine the subject's sustainable or
destructive transformation.
- The suffering of the smallest particle of energy does
not come by itself, it does not go by itself, it is all due to itself:
+ Why is there suffering in energy particles? It is the
information conflict of the smallest energy particle with
outside information. When the subject's yin and yang embryo
interact with any external data, whether negative or positive.
The original inform ation within the two intellectual wave
code strands of the yin and yang embryo will react when they
have similarities in information value. When negative data
from the outside environment is absorbed, the harmful data
in the original negative particle will vibrate and connect with
the toxic information outside. They will bond tightly together
to control the original positive particle. If successful, they will
create negative energy particles after the subject's action
ends. That is the mechanism that leads to the destruction of
the entity. On the contrary, when the entity absorbs positive
information, the accurate data of the positive particle will
closely link to producing positive energy particles if it

overcomes the obstruction from the toxins of the negative
energy particles. Besides, the toxic process of the external
environment and the toxins of the internal circumstance
interact and activate each other to cause suffering for the
subject. The struggle between the information of the two yin
and yang particles in the original embryo causes suffering if
they practice the mechanism of transformation, decay and
destruction.
+ The suffering does not go away on its own. To avoid
being decomposed and destroyed by negative ideologies and
the destructive transformation mechanism. The information
in the positive energy particle must have the power of truth
in both quantity and qual ity to control and destroy the
harmful information of the original negative particle. After
that, the subject must create a positive ideology and practice
generating positive energy particles, a sustainable
transformation mechanism. Then, each agony will b e freed
from the poison of negative energy particles.
+ The suffering or liberation from suffering all comes
from within each subject. That is the nature of the information
within the intellectual wave code of the original yin and yang
embryo. Please look at the vibrational wave code, including
negative and positi ve extremes. The picture depicts the
smallest energy particle with the truth of the universe as a
single particle, not a yin and yang embryo; it is a positive
energy particle used to describe you. You can see that in that
positive particle's vibrational wave codes, there are positive
and negative information values. Each stored information
value is a secret that has been encoded due to the information
reaction that the subject that created it made. Those

The Truth of The Universe with the Knowledge of the Smallest Energy Particle

information values are only revealed when they interact with
the external environment that is similar information to their
nature.
Now, you continue to relax; don't try to force yourself
to understand what is analyzed in this lesson the first time
you study and listen to it. To fully understand, you need to
learn the following tasks. Each class will be a key among the
keys to open the door to understanding the three secrets that
humans and tuelinhs are searching for.
When you finish studying this lesson, reread it and
listen to it many times. Then, you release the truth of the
universe in the smallest particle of energy to become yourself.
It means that you are a subject with a yin and yang embryo,
and the universal tr uth of the production of energy particles
in this lesson is the universal truth of your life. Whether you
have produced negative or positive particles, try to
understand them. You will continue to do the same thing as
today in the lesson on the truth of en lightenment with the
smallest particle of energy."