Chapter Eighteen

The Truth of Enlightenment with the
Knowledge of the Smallest Energy Particle

"Teacher, I feel lucky to have learned the knowledge of
your two truths over the years. In the early years, when he
spread enlightened knowledge, he did not teach about
understanding energy particles as he does now. At that time,
I saw myself and many othe rs misunderstanding
enlightenment knowledge. People remembered very well
what the teacher taught. Still, they mistook it even though the
teacher reminded them that learning must go hand in hand
with practice to understand knowledge accurately. People
misunderstand and then spread the wrong understanding.
When someone tells them about their misunderstanding, they
become arrogant, that they are people with profound
knowledge. That has caused conflicts between learners. I
could not explain their mistakes at that time even though I
understood that they thought and acted wrongly.
However, since I learned the knowledge of energy
particles associated with the two truths, I have understood
why you remind and warn of many problems that students
easily fall into. The knowledge of energy particles has

analyzed all the secrets and nature of humans and tuelinhs on
their practising journey in the human world, especially the
toxins of those who learn and practice enlightened
knowledge. Before, when you reminded everyone, and
everyone just thought and talked to each other, why did you
remind them so much? However, attachment, jealousy, and
superiority between people and between students are
extremely dangerous.
When I apply the knowledge of the two truths with
energy particles to analyze all the problems of myself and
everyone else, I find it highly magical. Everything you have
said so far is correct when explained in terms of the smallest
particle of energy. I and some of my friends who have learned
from you over the years feel highly excited about your current
special knowledge. Nothing can describe my and everyone
else's feelings about this knowledge, even though it is difficult
to understand everything you tea ch." A student studying his
knowledge confided in him during lunch break when he
finished his lecture on the truth of everything with the
smallest energy particle.
The private office is also the teacher's and some
students' lunch break. When other students enjoyed a nap to
stay awake in the afternoon for studying, the teacher and that
student talked to each other just barely audible. At that time,
the teacher replied, "I have said there are two ways to learn
enlightenment knowledge; one is to learn it after going
through the sufferings of life, and the other is to learn it from
knowledge taught by Nalas Nalanda. When there are too
many toxins in learners, they easily become disobedient, and
they also easily become arrogant and complacent about the

The Truth of Enlightenment with the Knowledge of the Smallest Energy Particle

intelligence and supernatural powers they possess. Then,
they try to deduce the teachings of enlightenment according
to their ignorant wisdom, and they pass on their mistakes to
others. When people listen, they have no standards or
references to compare, s o they easily follow the mistakes of
those who transmit knowledge. That is a part of the reason for
this life's mission to create the most transcendent type of
enlightened knowledge. As for disobedient students, please
return them to the flow of samsara an d cause and effect.
Practical lessons in suffering will help them eliminate toxins
in them. At that time, they will destroy the poison of pride and
concentrate on studying and practising according to the
knowledge of the two truths."
When everyone in the afternoon class began to quiet
down and wait for the teacher's new lecture, the teacher said
in a deep voice, "This morning, you have discovered the truth
of the universe with the smallest particle of energy. This
afternoon, we continue the lesson about the truth of
enlightenment in the smallest energy particle.
When you finish studying this lesson, you will be happy
because you have almost understood two of the three secrets
that tuelinhs and humans are searching for. After a few more
classes, you will completely understand the two secrets and a
bit about destruc tive energy. You will no longer worry
because you fear misunderstanding and incorrectly
practising what knowledge instructs. Instead, you become
confident and strong in the practice of knowledge when you
have the nature of energy particles as the standard and
reference for enlightenment teachings.

The truth of enlightenment in the smallest energy
particle includes two steps:
1. Step 1: Analyze the theory of the truth of
enlightenment to understand its value for humans and
tuelinhs.
The theory of the truth of enlightenment is : Ah, life
is full of suffering! All tuelinhs, spiritual beings, and humans
must face, become enlightened, and be liberated from all
suffering.
"Ah, life is full of suffering!" Do you understand the
meaning of this exclamation? How do you feel when you say
that sentence with the feeling of enlightenment about the
truth of suffering? You must know that the truth of
enlightenment only exists when each person understands the
truth of the universe. That is understanding the reality of
human origin, tuelinh, oneself, and the task of practising in the
human world in suffering through interactive scenarios to
help one's soul mature and become enlightened. At that time,
your emotions will burst and exclaim, "Ah, life is full of
suffering!" in joy mixed with the hurt of suffering and
tribulations in the human world. The fun and excitement are
because you have learned the truth, and as a result, you are
achieving initial achievements in your spiritual journey. Your
achievement is suffering. However, you still have the hurt of
suffering because of the ignorance that still exists in your
wisdom and soul. On the contrary, people who do not
understand the above tr uths, when they read that sentence,
only feel more pain and resentment towards life because they
feel that life is too unfair to them.

The Truth of Enlightenment with the Knowledge of the Smallest Energy Particle

"All tuelinhs, spiritual beings, and humans must face all
suffering." Why must it be all sentient beings, tuelinhs, and
humans? Because all is equal, and all is formed from the
smallest particles of energy from the universe's original yin
and yang embryo - Nalas Nalanda. In addition, the practising
practice environment on Earth was created by Nalas Nalanda
to help tuelinhs live in human form; low-level souls live in the
form of animals, plants, and rocks. All is equal. According to
the transformation mechan ism, low-level souls can upgrade
to become tuelinhs and enlightened beings. Next, why face all
the suffering? That's because the practising practice
environment on Earth is created with full assurance of
maximum pressure and compression to help tuelinhs an d
lower-level souls express their nature in a simple form. That
nature is toxins and goodness. These natures are revealed
only when sentient beings, tuelinhs, and humans live and
interact in all the scenarios created by the four forms in life.
Suffering is the toxins that vibrate and erupt from humans,
tuelinhs, and sentient beings. Therefore, we conclude that we
must have sufferings to recognize the toxins and then force
them out of ourselves. That is one of the tasks on the
practising journey, and if we run away or do not face suffering,
we will never understand ourselves, everyone, and
everything. As a result, our practising path has no destination,
and the danger of destruction of tuelinhs and souls exists
because of the energy of destruction.
“You must be enlightened and free from all suffering.”
When we know the truth about our origin and nature,
humanity, and tuelinhs, and the mission of practising as
human beings is to understand the three secrets that we are

searching for in the suffering of life, we must complete that
mission. We must learn and understand them through the
truth of the universe in all suffering and tribulations. It is
enlightenment. Next, we must liberate all agony. It is the
practice of forci ng out all the toxins and activating the
goodness within us to transform the yin and yang embryo into
an energy filter.

The Truth of Enlightenment with the Knowledge of the Smallest Energy Particle

2. Step two: Analyze the truth of enlightenment in the
smallest energy particle.
Please observe the image simulating the truth of
enlightenment in energy particles. Compare the differences
between the energy particle of ignorance (negative energy
particle) and the energy particle of enlightenment (positive
energy particle). In particular, look closely at the intellectual
wave code of both energy particles from point (1) to point (3)
because the secrets of energy particles and all things are
encoded and stored in the intellectual wave code of the
smallest particle.
To understand the enlightened knowledge in the
smallest energy particle, you must read or listen to the
universal truth in the smallest energy particle many times.
Because the truth of enlightenment is part of the truth of the
universe, it is the accurate knowledge of the smallest energy
particle to all matter and life in the universe. However, I must
separate it into a noble truth equal to the truth of the universe
because it is the transformation mechanism of all things.
When you clearly understand the tr uth of the universe, you
will quickly understand and practice the truth of
enlightenment.
In the image simulating two energy particles above, I
divide each energy particle into two extremes, including the
extreme of ignorance (yin) and the extreme of enlightenment
(yang). Factors such as the internal environment, external
environment, points (1), (2), and (3) in the intellectual wave
code are all knowledge I analysed in the previous lesson. And
now, I only speak two strands of intellectual wave code in the
energy particles of ignorance and enlightenment, and you will

understand the entire truth of enlightenment in the smallest
energy particle.
The intellectual wave code fibre consists of two
segments: the intellectual fibre segment from point (2) to
number (3) and the vibration wave code segment from point
(1) to number (2).
- The intellectual fibre segment: This is the intelligent
fibre that manifests and performs the functions and tasks of
the intelligence wave code in the smallest energy particle. The
roles and functions of the intellectual fibre are conventionally
defined at point (2), which is the ideological point. Intelligent
fibres and point (3) always perform the correct functions and
tasks specified in point (2). That means if point number (2) is
created at the yang pole (enlightenment), the wisdom fibre
and point num ber (3) are also formed at the enlightenment
pole. On the contrary, if number (2) is formed at the negative
extreme (ignorance), the wisdom fibre and number (3) are
created at the extreme ignorance. Intellectual fibres are
different as they are formed at t wo other extremes. As
follows:
+ Intellectual fibres are created at the positive pole:
Yang extreme, also known as the enlightenment pole, has
different information values. Therefore, the functions and
tasks of each positive intellectual fibre are also other when
they are formed in different circumstances, at different times,
and with varying information values. That constitutes the
power and the manifestation of different functions and tasks
among the positive energy particles. It is called the yang
energy particle because the wisdom fi bre is formed in the
yang extreme, so it is also called the yang wisdom fibre. The

The Truth of Enlightenment with the Knowledge of the Smallest Energy Particle

positive intellectual fibre is the intelligent segment that stores
and encodes accurate and comprehensive information values.
Such information has value in promoting sustainable
development for itself and the external environment.
+ Wisdom fibres are formed at the yin pole: The yin
extreme, also known as the ignorant extreme, this extreme
has different information values. Therefore, the functions and
tasks of each yin intelligence fibre are also other when they
are created in different circumstances, at different times, and
with varying information values. That constitutes the power
and the manifestations of different functions and tasks among
the yin energy particles. It is called a negative energy particle
because the wisdom fibre is created in the yin extreme, so it
is also called the yin wisdom fibre. The negative intelligence
fibre is the fibre that stores and encodes missing and false
information values. That information causes damage to itself
and the external environment when it exceeds the allowable
error threshold.
- Vibrational wave code: This is the decoding segment,
also known as the function and task convention segment for
the intellectual fibre segment in the smallest particle. This
decoding segment synthesises the vibration, activation, and
connection process b etween the information in the
vibrational wave code of the original yin and yang embryo
and the information in the outside environment. This process
takes place in tension, even conflict, between the information
values of the original yin and yang embryo a nd the
information values of the outside. As follows:
+ Vibrational wave code of the energy particle of
ignorance: This vibrational wave code is the product of the

process in which the original yin particle of the yin and yang
embryo has too much false information, harmful information,
or a lack of information. It's called toxic information, also
known as toxicity. Because when the subject interacts with a
negative e nvironment, negative information is easily
absorbed and closely linked to the poisonous information
inside. Meanwhile, the accurate information of the original
positive particle does not have enough heat and power to
decode and control negative information from the outside.
And it is not strong enough to handle the harmful information
of the original yin particle itself in the yin and yang embryo.
As a result, dangerous information links together and forms
the ideology at point (2) at the extreme of ignorance. Because
the vibrational wave code stores false and malicious
information values, it adopts point (2) to form the function
and task convention for the intellectual fibre that carries its
nature.
+ Vibrational wave code of enlightened energy particle:
In contrast to the vibrational code of the energy particle of
ignorance, the vibrational code of the energy particle of
enlightenment results from the truth information values.
When the original positive energy particle in the yin and yang
embryo has accurate and comprehensive information values,
it is powerful enough to control the toxic information values
in the original yin particle. Therefore, when the subject
interacts in any external environment, the power information
of the primitive positive particle controls the harmful and
false data of the original negative particle and the external
environment. The subject only receives accurate information
and has value in promoting sustainable development by

The Truth of Enlightenment with the Knowledge of the Smallest Energy Particle

absorbing information from the original negative particle.
The interaction process between the two internal and
external information environments under the effective
control of the primitive positive particle has helped the newly
produced energy particle t o have the value of a positive
particle. That means that the vibrational wave code of the new
energy particle stores accurate information that carries the
importance of sustainable development of the original yin and
yang embryo and the outside. Therefore, those information
values assign functions and tasks to the wisdom fibre of the
positive energy particle that has the exact nature through the
ideology at point (2) at the positive pole.
Negative energy particles result from the toxic
outbreak in human intelligence, tuelinhs, and all things.
Positive energy particles result from controlling toxins and
activating goodness in human intelligence, tuelinhs, and all
things.
The negative energy particle is suffering, forming the
mechanism of transformation, decay and destruction.
Positive energy particles are the enlightenment of suffering
and create a sustainable transformation mechanism.
There are still many secrets in the vibrational wave
code; I will continue to analyze it in other lectures. After
today's lesson, please connect what you learned from the first
lesson to this lesson, and apply the knowledge of the two
truths associated wit h the smallest particle of energy to
discover yourself, others, animals, tuelinhs, and everything.
You will see the magic of this special enlightened knowledge."
A student immediately told him, "Teacher, from what I
have learned from you until now, I understand that ignorance

and enlightenment both create the smallest particles of
energy through interaction and action of humans and
tuelinhs. The practice environment in human form is ideal for
understanding the three secrets through the two truths
associated with the smallest en ergy particle. In particular,
enlightenment and liberation from suffering create values
that are positive energy particles with the characteristics of
sustainable development. From the Teacher's knowledge
values, everyone has accurate standards and referen ces for
what they learn and practice. Now, I want to scream loudly
because of the overflowing emotions when I partly
understand the values of the two truths you taught. It is the
guideline, the solid foundation for everyone to practice the
path of practice with nothing but suffering in peace to face and
enlighten them."
The Teacher smiled and replied, "The secrets and
wonderful values of the knowledge of the two truths and
energy particles are still in other lessons. It is fascinating for
you to explore and practice."