Chapter Nineteen

The Love Story and Mechanism of
Destructive Transformation

It's raining outside. The rain signals the transition from
autumn to winter. Everyone noticed that their bodies
shivered from the cold mixed with falling raindrops when
walking in the rain. The teacher made tea in his office to enjoy
hot tea after walking in the freezing rain of early winter. He
enjoys quiet moments with cups of tea when working alone.
At that time, he was reflecting on his students and classes.
They carry different disease s, making them think negatively
and suffer. They are always worried and afraid of their illness,
and they hope for knowledge and healing methods from the
teacher. He understands everything they are thinking and
going through. Therefore, he always encourages them
whenever he meets them in or outside class. The words of
encouragement and stories he told made the students feel
that he was indeed a super -psychologist. The words the
teacher said not only help their minds have a comprehensive
understanding to solve the complex problems they encounter,
but they are also profound w ords to awaken their souls to
become solid and forceful.

While the teacher was thinking about the sick people,
the door to the room suddenly opened slightly. The teacher's
two brothers of students walked in and shivered from the cold
of the winter raindrops. They came to the teacher's office
when he didn't have a weekday class. The teacher named the
older brother Truong Nalanda and the younger brother
Duong Nalanda. The two cousins have followed him for many
years, trave lling with him to many places in different
countries, and they have always accompanied him thr ough
difficulties. The teacher and students talked while sipping
cups of hot tea together.
Afterwards, the teacher confided to the two students,
"In the case of the mentally ill girl, it was a pity for that young
girl when her parents gave up on treating their child. I told
them from the beginning that to heal their daughter, she
would have to l et out conflicts to be completely cured. But
when she broke out after years of being suppressed by daily
doses of psychiatric medication, her parents became
frightened and put her back on medication. Like other mental
patients and hallucinations, that girl has had to take
psychiatric medication for over ten years. Such sick people
always see images that no one else sees and always hear
words that no one hears. The words are sometimes gentle and
affectionate, sometimes angry and insulting. The images are
demons, sometimes images of people they love. It is very
diverse in images and sounds in the patient's mind. However,
their parents, relatives, and spouses do not understand that it
is a disease of the soul. It is not a disease of the body or the
brain. As in the case of that young girl, I explained to her
parents the truth about mental illness and hallucinations and

The Love Story and Mechanism of Destructive Transformation

called it a disease of the soul. No medicine can cure the disease
of the soul. Medicine can only cure physical illnesses.
However, perhaps her parents deliberately did not
understand when they said the words that showed their
ignorance when they said their child was crazy. Perhaps out
of pride and fear of people around them knowing their child
had a mental illness when their daughter was in conflict, they
decided to give her doses of medicine to suppress her brain.
That makes the patient's body and brain we ak and lifeless,
like zombies without a soul inside." "Teacher, mentally ill
people live in their world with images and language only they
know and understand. They always see repeating images and
hear conversations in their heads. Why does that happen? Can
you explain that matter to me more?" A question from Duong.
The teacher replied, "There are two problems in their souls:
the transmutation mechanism and the information disorder
in the energy particle system within them. Regarding
information disorder, I will analyze it for everyone to hear in
the next class. Now, I explain the transmutation mechanism
that those mentally ill people and that girl practised in past
lives. To help you understand the mechanism of destructive
transformation, I will show you the process of what that girl's
soul did in recent life.
You know, she is a beautiful and talented girl in this life.
Such a girl is the pride of her parents. However, when that girl
reached the age of love and began to have her heart moved by
her first love, she lost control of her thoughts and actions. She
thinks and talks about things that aren't true, sometimes
screaming and hurting others. She saw images of a wonderful
man, whom she always thought was her lover and husband.

Unusual expressions in her thoughts and actions made her
parents believe demons possessed her. However, after many
rituals to eliminate monsters, she never lost those
phenomena. Her parents continued to take her to the hospital,
and she was diagnosed with schizophrenia. She then took
psychiatric medication every day. Drugs have controlled
uncontrolled actions, but in the mind, there are always images
of the man who is not accurate. The effects of the drug made
her lose her vitality, and her body became like a living corpse
without a soul.
Return to that girl's previous life , that was a man . He
was a handsome and beautiful boy. He was born into a
wealthy family, and his parents had a high societal position.
When that boy grew up, his beauty made many men think he
was a girl. His words and actions are gentle, like other
beautiful girls. He al ways felt that inside his body was not a
man but a woman. He did not share his questions about the
differences in his body and emotions with anyone. He buried
those secrets in his heart. His feelings chang ed when he met
another beautiful boy. After chatting a few times, they knew
each other's secrets, and the other boy was just like him. But
because society at that time discriminated against people of
the same sex loving and living together, they decided to hide
the secret of their same -sex love. The boy became desperate
and miserable when his parents arranged a wedding for him
with another girl from a noble family. Because he could not
disobey his parents, he married the girl and had two children.
When the other boy heard that his lover was getting married,
he became miserable and went to another place to live. Even
though he was married and had two beautiful children, that

The Love Story and Mechanism of Destructive Transformation

man always missed his same-sex lover. Although he was with
his wife and children, he could never forget the image of that
man. Those sufferings tormented him for many years. After
knowing where the other man was, he left his family behind,
leaving his wife and children behind to go to the other man's
side. When they met, they were delighted. Then they decided
to go somewhere else together to live together. Those two
men gave each other sincere love until the end of their lives.
Meanwhile, the man's parents, wi fe, two children, and
brother's family were miserable. The wife lived in loneliness
and resentment towards her husband. The two young
children lived and grew up in the care of their mother,
grandparents, and brother's family."
"Teacher, why do those two men have feelings and love
each other?" "Nothing is natural. In many previous lives, both
of them gradually changed their erroneous thinking about
gender. At first, it was just because they were betrayed in love
between men and w omen; then, they didn't believe in love
between men and women. Next, the bigger changes were that
they thought they would be safe in same -sex love. And then,
they came together and lived together as husband and wife.
Sometimes, people's living environment causes them to
imitate each other's wrong way of life, and false information
causes them to change their thoughts and actions. The girl's
case resulted in her suffering from mental illness in this life."
"Teacher, the false information that girl's soul rec eived over
many lifetimes caused that soul to become out of control and
form manifestations of mental illness." "Right. As follows:
Since that girl's tuelinh began to incarnate as a human
to practice in the human world, that soul has gone through

many lifetimes of practice. Because each tuelinh will have to
live in four life forms, they will produce four main groups of
energy particles. I will analyze this in detail in future lessons.
In each group, there are many clusters of energetic particles.
Each particle cluster has many aggregated positive energy
particles linked together by aggregated neutral particles. The
synthesized harmful energy particles will vibrate around the
synthesized positive particles when they have the same
information content. That girl's soul, like other tuelinhs, has a
cluster of love particles in its structure. That means that
thoughts and actions motivated by love will create energy
particles that carry the information of love. The love particle
cluster has many synthetic p ositive particles created during
many lifetimes of practice as a human being.
You need to remember that when a man and a woman
love each other and give each other true love to become
husband and wife, positive love energy particles are produced
in their souls. Anger, negative thoughts and actions will later
produce harmful particles of love. Those energy particles
create and make the soul more mature and more robust.
However, when they are fed false information and then take
actions that hurt each other, their souls will produce many
negative particles of love. That's when that man l eft his wife
and children to find happiness with a same -sex lover. That
soul created a lot of harmful particles due to false information.
Those negative particles gather around the few positive
particles of love in the soul. That means the structure of tha t
soul's love particle group is imbalanced. There are too many
harmful particles surrounding one positive particle. In

The Love Story and Mechanism of Destructive Transformation

contrast, the balanced system has a 1:1 ratio between
negative and positive particles.
As a result, in this life, that soul lives in a girl's body and
suffers from mental illness with signs of hallucinations about
the man from her previous life. The girl's illness broke out
when she fell in love. When that girl thought about love
because she reached the age of love, those thoughts activated
information in the harmful particles of love created in the
past. Because there are too many harmful particles of love, the
positive particles cannot control them. As a result, images of
the lover, sounds, language, and actions are stored in harmful
particles transmitted to the girl's brain. That information
controls all of the girl's thoughts and actions. That makes
many people think demons possess them, and medicine
cannot explain this disease."
Truong Nalanda asked the teacher, "Teacher, please
explain in more detail about the production of negative
energy particles in the previous life when that girl was a man.
After that, he left his family to live with his same -sex lover.
Because many people t hink that it is impossible to produce
negative energy particles if they are happy with the person
they love." The teacher laughed and answered, "People who
steal are happy after they take valuable things from others.
Killers are happy because they kill oth ers. People who
slaughter animals are happy because they have a lot of money
selling animal meat. Do they also produce positive energy
particles because their emotions are satisfied and happy? You
must analyze from the source that tuelinhs must incarnate as
humans to practice in all interactive scenarios. The purpose is
to release the toxin, eliminate it, and finally activate goodness.

Next, in the conference gathering humanity, Nalas Nalanda
had four teachings. Even if we analyze and expand those four
teachings, none allow people of the same sex to marry to
become a family and birth children. It can be said that nature
does not allow that to happen. God let tuelinhs incarnate into
male or female bodies to help them eliminate toxins, then
activate goodness. He does not put any soul in the wrong
body. The cause is information disorder in souls because they
absorb harmful information from t he outside environment,
and it transforms them. Although that man was happy with
another man in his previous life, he abandoned his children,
wife, and parents to satisfy the selfishness of same -sex love.
He fails to bring the value of sustainable developm ent to
everyone around him and his own family. That soul has
produced countless negative particles, from false information
to actions that hurt people." "Teacher, I now understand the
nature of that girl's case. If we don't analyze the nature of
information and energy particles, I think people will
misunderstand the nature of things and phenomena. As a
result, people continued to wallow in ignorance."
Then the teacher continued, "If you want to thoroughly
understand why people suffer from all kinds of mental
illnesses, even many incurable diseases, you must understand
the knowledge of the two truths in the smallest energy
particle in previous lessons. W hen people have ignorant
wisdom, their minds become ignorant, leading to evil actions.
It interacts with other people, animals, and things to produce
harmful energy particles. Producing negative energy particles
is practising the mechanism of reincarnation , decay and
destruction. The soul will not make any positive and neutral

The Love Story and Mechanism of Destructive Transformation

energy particles in one reaction when producing harmful
energy particles. When no positive and neutral energy
particles are created, those harmful particles will not have
new positive energy particles to bond to form a new, stable
structure. Therefore, harmful particles find positive particles
already in the system with the same or similar information to
connect. At that time, those positive particles lose heat and
are unbalanced by the newly born harmful particles.

Please look closely at the image simulating several
clusters of harmful particles in a synthetic energy particle
structure outside the yin and yang embryo of the soul to
understand the mechanism of harmful particle production.

Each tuelinh or soul has countless clusters of energy particles
outside the yin and yang embryo; each set has many positive
energy particles with the same information group. When
people release toxins in any interaction scenarios in human
life, they will l ive ignorant of those interactions. Then, false
information from the outside is absorbed and linked to the
toxic information of the negative particle. They control the
original positive particle, and people act ignorant because the
toxins operate them. As a result, harmful particles are
produced in abundance. It is made in any group of interaction
scenarios where the poison is released. As a result, many
clusters of harmful particles in the soul, meaning many
negative particles vibrate around a positive par ticle. When a
soul has negative multiparticle groups, that soul will have
mental illness. If there are multiple clusters of negative
multiparticles, they become uncontrolled and result in being
disintegrated by destructive energy. I tell you a secret of
destructive energy. The energy of destruction must move into
an environment with negative heat and energy structures to
discharge excess heat. The redundant heat of it is hazardous,
and it will disintegrate the structure of matter when it enters.
When tuelinhs, people, and all things in the universe vibrate
due to losing control of excess harmful particles, the
destructive particles will catch the signal and move. When
they get rid of excess heat, they live longer. On the contrary,
when exposed to their heat, the tuelinh, soul, and physical
structures will break apart and disintegrate until complete
destruction. Disconnection and decomposition cause all
information systems in the tuelinh to become disordered.
Depending on the level of confusion and decay, it m anifests

The Love Story and Mechanism of Destructive Transformation

into different types of mental illnesses and dangerous
pathologies.
Some people are only mentally ill because of a cluster
of energy particles with many harmful particles. Some people
have more severe mental illness when there are many
clusters of energy particles with many harmful particles.
Some people even have many groups of energy particles with
many harmful particles. From there, the severity of the
disease also varies.
When humans and tuelinhs practice producing harmful
energy particles, they will become disintegrated by
destructive energy. That is the mechanism of transmutation,
decay and destruction. Diseases of the soul are manifestations
of the process of decay.
Thus, you see the painful results of every tuelinh when
they do not understand the three secrets through the two
truths to reform themselves to become sustainable. The
suffering in the souls of people with mental illnesses and
dangerous diseases is part of the manifestation of grief when
the tuelinhs are decomposed by destructive energy. That is
why all tuelinhs desire to incarnate as humans to understand
the three secrets. The next is the practice of forcing out toxins
and activating kindness. That is prac tising the mechanism of
sustainable transformation, also known as producing positive
energy particles. I will analyze the transmutation mechanisms
in detail in future lessons. Because if you explain those issues
carefully at this stage, it will not be suit able for you and the
learners."
The two students immediately replied, "Teacher, the
more you explain energy particles, the more deeply we

understand the truth of tuelinhs, people, things, and events.
From the knowledge of the two truths associated with energy
particles, learners will decode and understand everything.
Teacher, it's amazing."