Chapter Twenty

A Symbol of Sustainable Transformation

In the following days, the winter weather became
increasingly colder after the first rain of the season. People
have put on thicker clothes to adapt to the change in
temperature. The aroma of the hot cup of tea that the teacher
and two students were sittin g, enjoying, and chatting was
emanating from the teacher's office. Cups of hot and fragrant
tea and stories about people who effectively practised the
knowledge of the two truths dispelled the cold outside. Their
bodies and the space of the office became warm as the teacher
told them about the wonderful people and souls who have
devoted their time and values to help countless people. That
is a remarkable thing about the nature of information. When
people chat with each other because of toxic and harmful
information, it will cause their minds to become confused and
their bodies to become cold or tired quickly. On the contrary,
when people tell each other about good deeds, stories where
people help each other to bring sustainable development
values, everyone's minds become happy, and their bodies
become warm. That is the power of information. That power
includes both good and bad values. The important thing is

that each person chooses which values to listen to and
practice.
Truong Nalanda said to the teacher, "Teacher, when
people learn the knowledge of the two truths and understand
it, for some reason, they do not practice the mechanism that
produces positive energy particles. I understand that there
will not be positive energy particles in their souls containing
the true information of all things and the universe. It is also a
pity for them not to be able to take advantage of valuable
information to convert into actions to help people. Teacher,
will that information remain i n their souls if they only study
but do not practice?" "Of course, not practising the production
of positive energy particles is a pity for them. They will have
to experience life in human form in the human world with
many more human lives. However, because they have learned
knowledge that contains valuable truth information, it will be
easier for them to activate their compassion in their next life.
That means that good information, valuable information for
sustainable development, is still stored in their original yin
and yang energy embryos. Thus, the fact that people learn and
have faith in enlightened knowledge is a wonderful thing.
Babies need to learn so that their souls have the power to
overcome future mental illnesses if those souls have a lot of
harmful information inside. All people of different ages should
also learn the knowledge of the two truths to heal and prevent
mental illness and disease. The power of true information and
its value not only heals the sick but also helps everyone
overcome suffering. From then on, everyone becomes healthy
in wisdom, soul, and body." Duong Nalanda told the teacher,
"Thus, having true information and sustainable development

A Symbol of Sustainable Transformation

values is a prerequisite for every human being and every
tuelinh to practice the path of sustainable transformation."
"Yes. Information is all things, events, and phenomena in and
outside the universe. There is nothing that is not
information."
Then, the teacher told the two students, "You already
know Loi Nalanda. He is a symbol of the sustainable
transmutation mechanism. The stories about him are very
long, but I will discuss the main contents that demonstrate the
sustainable transformation mechanism in his soul.
Currently, he is over sixty years old. His l ife can be
considered fulfilling from family, business, social
relationships, and spreading enlightened knowledge of the
two truths to everyone. When he was born, the country was
engulfed in war to protect the homeland of all people. The
sufferings of poverty and death are present everywhere in the
country. At that time, no one was not in poverty, not even able
to go to school. Young men had to go to war, and countless
people had to leave their bodies behind on th e tragic
battlefields. He was no exception and had to go to the
battlefield when he grew up. However, as if by some miracle,
he did not have to join combat. Instead, he joined the logistics
and information transmission unit behind the combat units.
Fortunately, he did not have to fire a bullet at the soldier on
the other side of the front line. After many years in the army,
both during the war and when the country was at peace, he
left the military to return to the capital, where he was born, to
build a career.
When he left the army and returned home, that was
also the time when the country began to innovate. That

creates many opportunities for economic development in
production and trade for people. Realizing the opportunity to
develop the economy and life when the country innovates, he
decided to participate in trading essential goods for people's
lives. Although he did not study at any university, his
analytical ability and business thinking are very sharp. The
predictions and appropriate decisions have helped him
develop his career from strength to strength. So far, his
business has created a lot of jobs for peop le. The career he
built is the dream of countless people. That is having a happy
family with mature and talented children and helping many
people at work and in life.
As if something was compelling in his heart, he learned
about Buddhism and admired the Buddha's compassionate
wisdom. That was the beginning of his journey to research
knowledge in Buddhism. After many years of studying and
experiencing the research and practice of Buddhist teachings,
he decided to learn and practice the understanding of the two
truths." Truong Nalanda interrupted the teacher, "Teacher, I
also know many stories about soldiers during wartime. They
did not shoot any bullets at the people on the other side of the
front line even though they participated in combat units;
those were doctors. They even saved soldiers' lives on the
other side of the battle line. As if, by some miracle, they were
not killed by the harshness of war. Just like in the case of Loi
Nalanda, can you explain why such people safely survived
harsh wars?" "Nothing is natural. Inside them are wonderful
souls. You must understand that when each tuelinh practices
in the human world, they will have to go through all the
scenarios of human life, including war. From those harsh

A Symbol of Sustainable Transformation

interactions, the toxins and goodness of the tuelinh will be
revealed and activated. Some people are satisfied with killing
people when they release toxins from their souls. When
kindness is activated, some people do not kill anyone; instead,
they save eve ryone in need without discrimination. People
have holy souls because, in their past lives, they have
produced countless positive energy particles to help and save
people, animals, and all living things. Those positive energies
help their soul structure mat ure through a sustainable
transformation mechanism. In their souls, they store and
encode countless pieces of truthful information with
sustainable development. Therefore, when they interact in
extreme scenarios and compression, the good information in
their souls will miraculously help them overcome suffering.
That is their good karma enjoyed by the good deeds they have
practised to help others in their past lives."
Truong Nalanda continued to ask the teacher, "Can you
explain more about why he could become a talented person
in business without going to any university?" The teacher
said, "It is a matter of information being encoded and stored
in the energy particle system of his soul. In many past lives, he
was a talented and virtuous businessman. He was not only
talented in business and production, but he had helped
countless people when they were poor or encountered
suffering. His actions of helping people with his w ealth,
wisdom, and compassion have helped his soul produce
countless positive energy particles. Those positive energy
particles connect to help the soul become mature. That is the
uniform maturation of all groups of energy particles that have
been produced . It includes manufacturing business,

enlightened wisdom, compassion, family, love for people, and
many other positive energy particles. Those energy particles
encode and store information about all the processes in which
the soul in the body interacts and completes actions. Because
he had many lives as a talented businessman, the intellectual
information of a talented businessman was stored in his soul.
Even though this person did not attend any enrichment or
business school, he still had plenty of intelligence to make
business decisions and i nsight into market analysis. When
encountering difficulties in work and business in this life,
information from the soul will be transmitted to the brain to
help him find the best solution to solve the difficulties. That
valuable information was created by his experience solving
difficulties in his previous life as a businessman."
Duong Nalanda immediately asked the teacher,
"Teacher, people with no experience and no information
about the production business in their past lives. In this life,
they want to become talented and successful business people.
What do they need to do to be successful in this life?" "First of
all, don't try to get rich regardless. Everyone should study
well in school when possible. Next, find talented people in
business and production to work for them. Learn good
qualities from them and what they practice to succeed at
work. Then, practice business or production on a small scale.
Maybe try a few times for that practice. If there are positive
energy particles of business achievements in the soul in past
lives, luck and success will come immediately. If they don 't
have luck or success, stop getting rich and continue
cultivating knowledge from successful people by working for
them. At that time, they should practise doing business on a

A Symbol of Sustainable Transformation

tiny scale. If everyone tries to get rich at all costs and makes
large investments, everyone will be mired in failure and
suffering. The reason is that the soul has no experience
because it has never been successful in business in a past life.
Those with a lot of negative energy in their souls due to
various types of mental illness do not desire to get rich. They
should only work to care for their family and have a good life.
When these people try to get rich, they fail. Because their
negative energy contai ns harmful information that will
control all positive energy, they are not smart enough to
perceive right from wrong. That leads to actions that violate
the law and sell harmful products to everyone and animals.
Their decisions will always be wrong. Such p eople need to
heal their mental illness, gradually cultivate their intelligence
and practice business on a tiny scale. You should remember
that life’s purpose is not to get rich."
Truong Nalanda told the teacher, "What he has done
from his past lives to this life are all wonderful things." The
teacher smiled and said, "It is truly incredible. When you
know what he did, you will admire and be proud of him. His
practices of activating goodness symbolise the sustainable
mechanism of transformation.
In many past lives, every time the tuelinh in me
incarnated as a human to practice and carry out missions, his
tuelinh also incarnated as a human and accompanied me. In
particular, during the most challenging times on my
practising journey, he was always p resent and helped me
overcome them. He helps me solve difficulties and always
strives to spread enlightened knowledge to everyone.

Especially in this life, I don't know how to thank him for
what he has done for me. With that help, completing my
mission of spreading knowledge to everyone would be easier.
He helped to publish the book versions of the two truths and
distribute them. In p articular, the wisdom of the two truths
can spread worldwide thanks to his help. In addition, he is still
diligently sharing and helping people with the knowledge of
the two truths. Therefore, he is a wonderful Nalanda and a
great symbol of the sustainable transformation mechanism
because, without him, people in the world would not be able
to access the knowledge of the two truths. Besides, many
other Nalandas have been trying to help and save people with
the wisdom of the two truths. They are also great symbols of
the mechanism of sustainable transmutation."
After listening to the teacher share the story about Loi
Nalanda, the teacher and two students continued to enjoy the
new pot of hot tea. The atmosphere in the room becomes
hotter because of the positive information transmitted
between people.
At that time, the teacher explained the mechanism of
sustainable transformation to the two students, "When each
person practices the mechanism of producing positive energy
particles, it will help the soul inside to create negative and
positive energy parti cles, and neutral fully. Positive energy
particles have extreme and stable positive heat, neutral
particles are durable, and harmful particles have just enough
negative heat to do the job. That is the mechanism of
sustainable transmutation. At this point, you and everyone
will also wonder why only harmful particles are produced
when producing energy particles according to the mechanism

A Symbol of Sustainable Transformation

of destructive transformation. While producing energy
particles according to the sustainable transmutation
mechanism, are all three types of energy particles produced?
The main differences are:
- When the tuelinh produces energy particles according
to the mechanism of destructive transformation: This energy
particle production mechanism involves the participation of
both the original positive and negative energy particles in the
yin and yang embr yo. Harmful energy particles will absorb
false or missing information, also known as external toxins,
through point (1) in the intellectual wave code strand.
Positive energy particles have the task of decoding the data
absorbed. Because the nature of the p ositive energy particle
is to radiate heat from itself, when the heat of the positive
energy particle is weak or not strong enough, it cannot decode
or prevent external information that the negative particle
absorbs. It can be seen that the positive energy particle
negates the value of the knowledge absorbed by the negative
particle because its internal information does not match the
external data. The positive energy particle may store some
information from the outside environment. However, more is
needed for its intellectual wave code strand to copy into a new
intellectual wave code strand. The principle to copy a new
intellectual wave code is enough information after the
interaction process of the human subject. After that, the
action process and completion follow the convention of point
(2) in the intellectual wave code. Only the original negative
energy particle accepts and stores toxic information from the
outside, while the original positive energy particle does not
accept the data stored by the negati ve particle. Therefore,

only harmful energy particles are produced. While the
original positive particle does not have good enough
information, human actions are governed by the ideology of
point (2) in the original negative particle, so no positive and
neutral energy particles are produced.
- On the contrary, when the tuelinh produces energy
particles according to the mechanism of sustainable
transformation:

In this mechanism, both original yin and yang particles
participate in producing energy particles. The original

A Symbol of Sustainable Transformation

negative energy particle will absorb information from the
outside environment in the control of the primitive positive
energy particle. Because of the power of positive heat, the
original positive energy particle controls the negative energy
particle in se lecting external information until that
information is absorbed. Also, the initial positive energy
particle can prevent the toxins of the original negative particle
with its extreme heat. Because the positive particle
participates in the process of selecti ng and controlling the
external information absorbed by the negative particle, the
absorbed information is stored in both the intellectual wave
code fibres of the original negative and positive particles. That
is accurate information that has value for sus tainable
development. Therefore, keeping that information in both
strands of the original yin and yang wisdom wave code helps
eliminate the toxins of the original yin particle and activate
the goodness value in the yang particle. When the human
subject com pletes the action, the tuelinh will produce a
negative particle with a feeble harmful heat, a positive energy
particle with extreme positive heat, and an additional neutral
particle. All three types of precious energy particles are
produced by the ideology at point (2) of the positive particle
when it wins and controls all the internal and absorbed
external information. Creating energy particles according to
this mechanism during the practising journey in the human
world has helped tuelinhs have a balanced structure between
yin and yang energy particles.
As shown in the image simulating the balanced
structure of energy particles synthesized in the tuelinh
structure, you will see: positive energy particles have extreme

positive heat, neutral particles make a solid bond between
positive particles, and harmful energy particles have feeble
negative heat. This structure helps the tuelinh mature quickly
and have the power to control the energy of destruction. The
toxic energy particles vibrate weakly, and the destructive
energy will not move much. Because the positive energy
particle system has a highly positive heat, it is strong enough
to detonate destructive energy particles that attack tuelinhs.
At that time, the tuelinh a bsorbs the heat after the explosion
of destructive energy into the original yin and yang embryo.
That heat is precious; it helps the yin and yang embryo have
the power of yang heat to squeeze out all the toxins in the
original yin particle and create the a bility to copy many
positive, negative, and neutral energy particles in one
reaction.
Therefore, when humans practice sustainable
transformation, it means that the tuelinh is practising the
mechanism of absorbing destructive energy, detonating it,
and transforming it into producing many more powerful
energy particles than the energy particl es in the tuelinh that
were born before. To operate and explode destructive energy,
I will have profound lessons for everyone in the following
classes."
The two students immediately said, "Teacher, then the
process of eliminating the toxins of the yin particle, activating
the goodness of the yang particle, and transforming the
destructive energy is carried out at the sustainable producing
mechanism of energy particles, right teacher?" "Right. It is the
art of producing particles after tuelinhs and humans achieve
enlightenment. If enlightened wisdom is not achieved, it will

A Symbol of Sustainable Transformation

become a decay and destruction mechanism. Therefore,
thoroughly understanding the wisdom of enlightenment in
the two truths is a prerequisite for practising the sustainable
mechanism of transmutation."