Chapter Twenty-One

Mind Dharma

It was the middle of the night outside. The streetlights
made the entire capital shine brightly at night. On the roads in
the city, people still have to travel at night to make a living.
The sounds of the vehicles they were moving in dispelled the
silence of the night. At that time, the teacher fell into a deep
sleep. While sleeping, the tuelinh in the teacher left his body
and returned to his homeland, a paradise filled with miracles
due to the crystallization of energy groups. The master's
tuelinh moves very quickly and in a hurry. When arriving at
the temple, the teacher's place of work and teaching in
heaven, several tuelinhs stood outside. After they greeted
him, he immediately said to them, "You summon twenty-four
mature tuelinhs into the temple for me." After receiving the
request from the teacher, they immediately went to summon
them back to the temple.
While I was sitting inside the temple and waiting for the
tuelinhs to arrive, Chap and Giac came, and they entered the
temple. They greeted the teacher and sat in front facing him.
Giac immediately asked his teacher, "Father, you summoned
us. Is there anything you want to teach us?" "Yes, I have an

important lesson to teach you. You wait until all twenty -four
mature tuelinhs are here, and I will teach you that
knowledge."
After that, all twenty -four of the most mature tuelinhs
were present inside the temple, and they appeared surprised
to be summoned so suddenly. Then the teacher said, "I know
you have questions because of this sudden summons. Among
you, most reside in human form in the human world, and only
a few tuelinhs are preparing to incarnate as humans. You are
the most mature, wisest, and accomplished tuelinhs of all the
tuelinhs. That is one of the reasons I summoned you and not
other tuelinhs. In addition, after I completed the first mission
in the human world, which was to upgrade the single energy
filter to become a dual energy filter , I developed the
enlightened knowledge of the two truths to become the most
extraordinary enlightened wisdom. That is enlightened
wisdom with a close combination of knowledge of the two
truths and the smallest particle of energy. When I create that
knowledge, it isn't easy for humans and tuelinhs to
understand. However, after many years in the human world, I
have researched and transf ormed them into knowledge that
humans and souls can quickly and accurately understand. In
particular, you are mature tuelinhs; you have almost achieved
the ability to transform yin and yang energy embryos into
single energy filters. The unique enlightened wisdom I have
just created will help you achieve complete achievements in
this human life. The final reason I summoned you from the
human world here when your bodies were asleep was that
through this particular knowledge, you would recognize me
in the huma n world. Because there are many different

Mind Dharma

religious, philosophical, and ideological views in the current
human world, it is difficult for my children to recognize right
from wrong and the value of that knowledge. Therefore,
identifying me and my knowledge is a big challenge when you
have to wear a body infected with different ideologies in the
human world. Missing this unique knowledge and human life
will cause you to lose the opportunity to transform your yin
and yang energy embryo successfully. If you miss this life, you
must wait for a long time . When I incarnate as a human, you
will have the next chance.
When you listen to this particular lecture of mine, your
yin and yang embryos will store and encode that unique
information. Therefore, when you encounter that knowledge,
and I am in the human world, the information within you will
help awaken you to recognize and learn enlightened wisdom
from me. Remember, my children, it is our duty for me to find
you and for you to find me."
One of the tuelinhs immediately asked, "Father, do you
teach this special knowledge in the human world?" Nalas
Nalanda replied, "I will teach this knowledge in the human
world. To make it easier for people to understand when
learning, I have converted them into detailed lectures in the
simplest language. You try to remember what I teach you
today."
Then, he preached to the tuelinhs, "The special
knowledge I teach you is the Mind Dharma. It is the super
intelligence of expertise of the two truths and the smallest
particle of energy. The mind dharma is the root of all
dharmas; is the past, present, and future of all dharmas; is all
the wisdom of all things, events, and phenomena in and

outside the universe; is the nature and operating mechanism
of all things in and out of the universe; is the destruction or
sustainable development of all things; and especially the
miraculous path to becoming enlightened human beings and
tuelinh beings. W hen I teach this knowledge in the human
world, I call it information. Information is mind dharma and
mind dharma is information.
When you understand this teaching of mind dharma,
you will quickly and thoroughly understand the knowledge of
the two truths and the smallest particle of energy. At that
time, you will thoroughly understand the three secrets that
tuelinhs and humans are se arching for. Next, your
immeasurable power is to practice the sustainable
transformation mechanism to achieve a dual energy filter in
the yin and yang embryo.
It would be best if you remembered that practising in
the human world is not about finding enlightened wisdom in
meditation, it is not about looking for enlightenment by
running away from suffering, and it is not about seeking magic
and rituals. You must g o through the suffering of all the
interacting scenarios of the four forms of human life; then,
you will understand the truth of the universe and the truth of
enlightenment. To help you quickly achieve achievements on
the path of practice, I give you the w isdom of the mind
dharma. It is both easy to understand and complicated to
understand; it is easy and complex to enlighten. You must
know that just because you memorize this knowledge does
not mean you understand and enlighten it. You comprehend
and enligh ten it through practising the sustainable
transmutation mechanism in the human world.

Mind Dharma

Mind dharma includes, “dharma within dharma,
dharma outside dharma, dharma unites dharma, and dharma
denies dharma.” You must remember that sentence carefully.
It is the key for you to understand the knowledge of the two
truths in the smallest particle of energy and the three secrets.
When you comprehend them and practice generating positive
energy particles, you will become enlightened . At that time,
you will unite your intelligence with everything in the
universe to protect and sustainably develop yourself and
everything in the universe."
Then, Nalas Nalanda used his magic to simulate the
image of two strands of intellectual wave code in the positive
and negative energy particles.

Mind Dharma

He asked the tuelinhs, "Look at the intellectual wave
code of the negative and positive energy particles. Do you see
the mind dharma in there?"
The tuelinhs stared intently at the two strands of the
wisdom wave code for a long time, then they looked at each
other with confusion and answered, "Father, we cannot
recognize the mind dharma in those two strands of the
wisdom wave code." "You continue t o observe," the teacher
continued.
When the tuelinhs were focusing on observing the two
strands of the wisdom wave code, Nalas Nalanda continued to
lecture, "The vibrational wave code from point (1) to point (2)
in the positive and negative energy particles is stored and
encodes a lot to an infinite number of information values.
Each information value constitutes a tiny dot in the
vibrational code, with countless small dots. Each information
value stores a massive amount of information data, including
new information outside and old information inside. External
information is the images of things, images of interactions and
reactions of things, sounds of things, language and emotions
of things, ideology and actions of items. The internal data
includes the subject's emotions, speech, sounds, i mages,
ideologies, and encoded movements. Those two information
environments constitute the new information value to create
the intellectual wave code fibre and the smallest new energy
particle after being born from the yin and yang energy
embryo. Thus, ea ch strand of intellectual wave code is a
worldview with an amount of information encoded inside.

1. Dharma within dharma
Dharma within dharma means information within
information. This dharma is to help humans and tuelinhs
trace the past of all kinds of data stored in the intellectual
wave code. This dharma will help you understand the origin
and true nature of all things, events, and phenomena in and
outside the universe.
Method of finding dharma in dharma:
- The first step is to decode current information to
understand past information:
+ Carefully observe tuelinhs, people, animals, and all
things, events, or phenomena over a certain period or a long
time. That helps my children understand the nature of the
manifestations produced by their actions.
+ Classify the value of information just collected from
the observation process. The information value can be
harmful, causing decay and destruction, or it can be
sustainable development.
+ Negative information value is negative energy
particle, and positive information value is positive energy
particle.
+ Decode the information encoded in the intellectual
wave code fibre of the energy particles that have been
classified and identified. It includes information from the
external environment and the original data of the yin and
yang embryo.
+ Analyze each unit of information value. Each data unit
contains images, languages, emotions, sounds, ideologies,

Mind Dharma

subjects' actions and things stored in the intellectual wave
code.
- The second time is to decode information of the past
to understand its past:
+ Select some data with interactions and actions of
information values decoded the first time and determine
whether its value is positive or negative.
+ Convert negative information values into harmful
energy particles and positive values into positive energy
particles.
+ Continue to decode each unit of information value in
the standardized energy particle. Each data unit includes
images, languages, emotions, sounds, ideologies, subjects'
actions and things stored in the intellectual wave code.
- The following decoding times are similar to the
previous times.
For a specific situation: When you see a person showing
strange signs, you should observe them for a period of time.
Then, you can recognize the manifestations of that person,
such as seeing God, Buddha, angels, demons, wild animals,
and worship rituals. In addition, that person also hears words
about performing rituals to worship Buddha, God or gods.
There are even words that advise them to become psychics.
Those images and sounds can only be heard and seen by that
person. At this point, you will recognize that in that person's
soul, there is harmful informational value, and it is stored in
negative energy particles. You understand that what they see
and hear is dangerous information transmitted from energy
particles in their souls. Next, analyze the images and sounds

they see and hear: those are actions the soul did in past lives,
including killing animals to perform rituals to pray to Buddha
or God. Because those acts are killing animals and taking
advantage of religious beliefs to deceive people, they
constitute harm ful energy particles in their souls. At this
point, the first step of searching for dharma within dharma is
completed. The next time, you do the same as the first to
understand why they practised such a harmful life.
2. Dharma outside dharma
Dharma outside dharma is information outside of
information. This dharma helps you understand the future
and current information values of all things, events, and
phenomena in and outside the universe.
Method of searching for dharma outside dharma:
- The first time is to encode future information of
current information: That is, to encode information created
by the end of the interactive action process between all things
into energy particles in the present. Next, classify the data
value and that ene rgy particle: information with sustainable
development is a positive energy particle, and information
with decay is a negative energy particle. Those information
values are linked to all things by new action processes and
form new energy particles of all things and subjects. These are
future information values created based on current
information values.
- The second time is encoding future information: After
new energy particles are produced, further information is
encoded by subjects and things in the following reaction. At
the end of that interaction process, new information value is
created and encoded into new energy particles. That is future

Mind Dharma

information of future information produced from current
data.
- The following times are similar to the previous times.
A specific situation: When I teach enlightened
knowledge to our students in the human world, the
information values I guide them to help me produce positive
energy particles and superparticles in me. That is my current
information after each time I teach knowledge. When
students learn that knowledge, they recognize that
knowledge has value for sustainable development. Next, they
absorb that knowledge and practice teaching it to others.
Thus, m y students' learning and practising expertise to
produce positive energy particles in their souls is dharma
outside dharma. Next, other people who study from my
students continue to share it. Thus, they encode the
information learned from my students to form positive
energy particles in their souls. Those are the next r ounds of
external dharma.
3. Dharma unites dharma
Dharma unites dharma, which means that information
is similar and consistent in nature and value between them.
Therefore, when interacting, these information values will be
accepted and linked.
Dharma unites dharma , which includes negative and
positive information values:
- Negative information value: Negative information
values in the subject's original yin and yang embryo will
readily accept and associate with negative information values
in the external environment. It is demonstrated when the

negative information values of the external environment are
stored and encoded at the negative pole of the vibrational
wave code in the intellectual wave code fibre of the negative
energy particle. This nature causes the toxins in the
information of the or iginal yin and yang embryo to become
stronger and erupt more violently.
- Positive information value: Positive information
values in each subject's internal environment will readily
accept and associate with positive information values in the
external environment. It is demonstrated when the positive
information values of the external environment are stored
and encoded at the positive pole of the vibrational wave code
in the intellectual wave code fibre of the positive energy
particle. This nature helps the sustainable development of the
information of the original yin and yang embryo to be
activated and become stronger.
This dharma makes the nature of information value
within each subject with yin and yang embryos change
according to the environment they move through. This
transformation forms a decaying transmutation mechanism
for negative information values and a sustai nable
transformation mechanism for positive information values.
4. Dharma denies dharma
This dharma is information that has disagreements and
incompatibility in nature and value between them. Therefore,
when interacting, these information values will negate each
other. However, denying each other causes them to encode a
small part of their information value.

Mind Dharma

Dharma denies dharma, which includes negative and
positive informational values:
- Negative information value: Negative information
values in the subject's original yin and yang embryo will
negate positive information values in the external
environment. However, they partially encode positive
information in their yin and yang embryos. It is evidenced by
the small amount of positive information stored and encoded
at the positive pole of the vibrational wave code within the
intellectual wave code strand of the negative energy particle.
If the negative energy particle has strong to extreme negative
heat, that positive information value will make it difficult for
the negative information to change its nature into positive.
- Positive information value: Positive information
values in the subject's original yin and yang embryo will
negate negative information values in the external
environment. However, they partially encode negative
information in their yin and yang embryos. It is evidenced by
the small amount of negative information encoded at the
negative pole of the vibrational wave code within the
intellectual wave code strand of the positive energy particle.
If the positive energy particle has strong to extreme positive
heat, the negative information value will hardly change the
nature of the positive energy particle. Because the positive
energy particle has powerful positive heat, it quickly
understands and controls the negative information encoded.
Subjects are denied in nature as they interact and move
into different information environments. However, partially
encoding each other's opposing information will cause them

to gradually change their nature over a long period of
interaction in different circumstances.
You must keep the above four types of mind dharma
thinking and decoding all things, events, and phenomena in
and outside the universe. The four types of mind dharma must
be closely linked together into a unified whole of mind
dharma. Mind Dharma is the key to understanding and
operating the knowledge of the two truths associated with the
smallest energy particle.
When the tuelinhs comprehend and have the thinking
of the mind dharma, they will move in cosmic space through
the information values stored in each other's energy particles.
It is a jump through the smallest particle of energy. It is
nothing short of magic al because it's just movement. The
miracle that mind dharma brings to you is understanding
your own wisdom and all things in and outside the universe.
From there, you will be able to practice the mechanism of
sustainable energy particle production, and the achievement
is to transform yin and yang embryos into energy filters.
It's time for you to return to your bodies. Concentrate
on thinking about the body form and believe you are in that
body. Immediately, you will stay in the body without needing
other tuelinhs to take you back."
Immediately afterwards, the tuelinhs returned to their
physical forms. In the temple, only Nalas Nalanda and some
tuelinhs are left on duty in heaven. After a few conversations
between him and the tuelinhs, he settled back into his body.
When he returned to his physical form, it was also the time
when the teacher woke up when it was almost dawn outside.
The thoughts that followed made it impossible for him to

Mind Dharma

continue sleeping. He woke up, went to the balcony and
watched the streams of people rushing along the roads mixed
with the dawn rays that were gradually appearing. The
teacher's feelings at that time became happy when the unique
knowledge he created would help people, and tuelinhs basked
in it. That knowledge is like sunlight dispelling the darkness
of ignorance; it illuminates the truth of everything for tuelinhs
and humans to understand and practice.