Chapter Twenty-Two

Information Entanglement and Changing
Nature of Information in Different
Environments

Like every other weekend in the body, soul and wisdom
therapy course, the teacher still comes to class early as usual.
In the inside classroom, many students arrived earlier than
the teacher, sitting and chatting together. When the teacher
entered his offi ce, an older woman sat inside. One student
knew the teacher had arrived; she made a pot of tea for him.
The woman in the office just greeted the teacher and said
nothing. Maybe she waited for the teacher to finish enjoying
his tea before talking. Understan ding that, when he finished
drinking tea, he asked her, "Is there anything wrong?" She
immediately replied, "Teacher, you also know my daughter.
We have been studying therapy from you for a while. Before
studying therapy using the teacher's method, my daug hter
was diagnosed with schizophrenia by the hospital. My
daughter has had to take psychiatric medication every day for
many years. Before getting sick, she was a perfect child, polite
and well-studied. But since she started working for a while,
she got si ck. Symptoms include laughing and talking to

herself, occasionally screaming, holding her head with her
hands and complaining of a headache. My child often loses
control of her behaviour, bites me, and even screams and
curses at my husband and me. The strange thing is that many
times when she's awake, she tells me she doesn't want to be
like that or hurt her parents, but she can't control what's
inside her. After many years of treatment at the hospital, but
her illness could not be cured, I took her to many places, such
as temples, to ask people who c ould help her. They checked
and said demons possessed her. Then, they performed rituals
to worship and expel the demons from my daughter's body.
However, I had to pay them a lot, but my daughter was not
cured. I learned that your knowledge could help peopl e with
mental illness recover and return to normal life. At first, I
didn't believe it. However, after observing sick people who
have recovered from learning the teacher's knowledge, I
strongly believe this is the only method to save my daughter.
Therefore, my child and I have been studying your knowledge
for a while now. Listening to the teacher's advice when
starting listening to, I no longer let my child take psychiatric
drugs. The teacher also explained that after quitting medicine,
my daughter would sh ow signs of losing control of her
thoughts and behaviour, so parents must help her get through
this difficult period. As the teacher said, my daughter
developed behaviours such as hitting and biting me. She often
badmouthed and scolded her parents." The te acher
interrupted, "That is the correct treatment regimen. After the
patient quits the psychiatric medication, receiving
information through the lecture will stimulate all the negative
energy particles in the soul to vibrate. When they shake, toxic

Information Entanglement and Changing Nature of Information
in Different Environments

information is released into manifestations so that relatives
and the patient herself know that it is toxic. At that time, the
true information of the lecture being heard catches the
conflict signal in the clusters of energy particles in the soul,
and they move to the clusters of many negative particles for
healing. This process requires time and determination from
relatives and the patient. The method of healing mental illness
according to two truths is to feed in truthful and
comprehensive information to balance and eliminate toxic
information. Therefore, quickly recovering from illness
depends on the effectiveness of listening and learning
knowledge. For people with mental illness, they do not
actively listen and receive information. Therefore, parents
and relatives are decisive in their healing process. When
patients lose control, they don't want to listen, but their
parents and relatives have to let them listen all the time, even
when they sleep. During the period when the patient
suddenly loses control of their behaviour and thoughts during
the treatment process, parents must always let them listen to
lessons to help them recover quickly. Therefore, you and your
family must help her as much as possible and with love." The
woman continued, "Teacher, there is one more question I
want to ask you. At this stage, my child lost control of her
thoughts and behaviours. Whenever she saw me, she would
bite and hit me. However, she has less conflict when in an
environment with other people, and they help her listen to the
teacher's knowledge. Could you please tell me why this is so?"
"That question of yours is also the question of family
members of other mental patients. That question is related to
today's lesson, which is about information entanglement and

the changing nature of information in different environments.
You and everyone will hear detailed explanations in today's
lesson."
After chatting and knowing what she was wondering
about that the teacher would explain in today's lesson, she
asked him for permission to enter the class to wait for his
lecture. She is a devoted mother who has sacrificed for her
children for years. Her pride and expectations of her daughter
becoming a talented person evaporated during her daughter's
illness. Now, that austere mother only hopes that her
daughter will recover and return to how she was before she
was sick. That is a great wish not only for her but also for her
family and relatives.
Mental health diseases have no cure and cannot be
cured by medicine from the past to the present because
people and scientists do not understand the nature and
causes of that disease. The development of medicine has
cured body diseases by decoding the human body with its
parts. However, when it comes to the soul, humans cannot
dissect their structure. Only the teacher is the first person in
the human world to examine the structure of the soul,
pointing out the nature and causes of all soul problems,
especially diseases of the soul. From there, he offers solutions
to help people heal illnesses related to mental health. Many
people with mental illness, from mild to severe, from newly
diagnosed to having had it for over twenty years, have
recovered and returned to everyday life like a miracle. They
followed the teacher's advice during the process of studying
therapy: that is, to quit psychiatric medication after a period
of listening to the lesson when a large amount of valuable

Information Entanglement and Changing Nature of Information
in Different Environments

information has been loaded into the soul. At that time, their
souls gain helpful information to deal with conflicts
transmitted from the negative energy particle system. His
remarkable achievements in applying the knowledge of the
two truths over the year s have created a firm trust in many
patient families. That's why his class has many patients
participating in learning and treatment.
When all the students arrived in class, and it was time
to lecture, the teacher left the office and went inside the
classroom.
The teacher said, "In the previous lessons, you have
learned essential lessons for understanding the three secrets
every spirit and human being is searching for. That
knowledge has explained to you the nature and reasons why
some humans and tuelinhs achiev e full enlightenment.
Besides, it also points out the nature and cause of why
tuelinhs and people have mental illness.
Please do not discriminate or shun people with mental
illness, whether they are mild or severe. The nature of that
disease is due to information disorder in the energy particle
structure of the soul. It is not an infectious disease. It does not
make you or the patient's family ashamed of the patient. All
humans and tuelinhs have varying degrees of severity of
information disorder within their structures. If information
disorder exceeds the threshold, people will lose control of
their thoughts and behaviour. Humans call it mental health
problems.
You must understand that, because of the wisdom of
tuelinh and human ignorance, it leads to ignorance. When the

mind is ignorant, it leads to actions in ignorance. As a result,
harmful energy particles are produced according to the
mechanism of transformation, decay and destruction. To heal
all diseases of body, mind and intellect, you must be fully
loaded with accurate information and the value of knowledge
of the two truths. Loading in enough valuable information
with positive energy will help your soul balance. At that time,
you need to practice producing positive energy particles
according to the mechanism of sus tainable transmutation. It
is the perfect process to heal and help the soul mature and
become enlightened.
In today's lesson, I will explain the problem of
information entanglement and the changing nature of
information when moving through different environments of
tuelinhs and humans. After this lesson, you will learn an
invaluable lesson to apply to your life and appropriately and
effectively educate your children and grandchildren.
1. Information entanglement
Please remember the image of the vibrating wave code
from point (1) to point (2) of the intellectual wave code in the
smallest positive and negative energy particles.
Information entanglement is the connection between
negative information values in the original yin particle. It
denies information between the original yin and yang embryo
and knowledge in the outside environment. However, due to
the process of interaction and reaction by actions, an amount
of that opposing information was stored and encoded into the
vibrational code of the energy particle.
Information entanglement includes negative
information values encoded at the cathode in the vibrational

Information Entanglement and Changing Nature of Information
in Different Environments

code of positive energy particles; Positive information values
are encoded at the anode in the vibrating wave code of the
negative energy particle; and negative information values are
encoded at the negative pole of the vibrational wave code in
the negative energy particle.
The nature of each type of information disorder:
- Negative information in positive energy particles: this
type of information entanglement is formed in an
environment with negative information values. When people
or subjects with original yin and yang energy embryos
interact and react to harmful informa tion, the negative
information is still encoded into the yin pole of the vibrational
code. The fact that the positive energy particle encodes
malicious information is not that it is linked to external
negative information. It is the yin and yang energy emb ryo
process with the power of positive heat to comprehend the
truth of all external environmental information. At that time,
the harmful information is understood and successfully
decoded. Therefore, the negative values of the external
environment are tran sformed by the yin and yang embryo
into the truth of the lesson and stored in the new positive
particle produced after interacting in that environment. That
is the information tangle of the sustainable transformation
mechanism through the production of pos itive energy
particles. This information disorder does not cause damage to
the yin and yang embryo and tuelinh. In particular, such
negative information stimulates the practice of compassion to
practice actions to help and save people and animals in
difficult and dangerous situations. This information

entanglement is essential to help tuelinhs and people practice
activating kindness and eliminating toxins in the original yin
and yang embryo. When tuelinhs have such information
entanglement with all tuelinhs and all things in and outside
the universe, th at tuelinh has the wisdom of all things.
Because it results from understanding the knowledge of all
things, including positive information values , to activate
kindness and negative information values to become a lesson
to force out one's toxins. You remember that when positive
energy particles are produced, it results from victory at point
(2) in the original positive particle. Therefore, the negative
information values encoded at the negative pole of the
vibrating wave code in the positive particle are no longer
toxic. It is simply a lesson of compassion and understanding.
- Positive information in negative energy particles: this
type of information entanglement is formed when humans or
tuelinhs interact and react in positive environments. The
toxins of the original yin energy particles dominate their yin
and yang embryos. T herefore, the initial positive energy
particle does not have the power to control the negative
particle and connect and receive positive information values
in the external positive environment. Those people
interacting in an environment with positive information think
that positive knowledge is not proper to their ideology and
ideals. Even if those positive values have sustainable
development, they always deny it. They negate it with the
power of the poison in their original negative energy particle.
When i nteracting and reacting to an excellent information
environment, they argue and even get angry at the good
information others try to convey to them. Although they

Information Entanglement and Changing Nature of Information
in Different Environments

objected, a portion of the positive information values were
encoded into the anode of the vibrating wave code in their
harmful energy particles after they were produced. This type
of information entanglement is detrimental to humans and
tuelinhs. It even creates an ideology of hatred towards people
trying to convey positive information. The interaction and
reaction process through which hostility occurs will worsen
the information entanglement in their energy particles.
However, from the perspective of the tuelinh's practising
journey to eliminate toxins and activate goodness, this type of
information entanglement is beneficial for each tuelinh. After
those souls experience the suffering in human life, they will
identify their toxins and gradually eliminate them. At that
time, they will thank the people in the favourable
environment who transmit positive information. In addition,
that positive information will create strength to help them
activate the goodness within them while eliminating toxins.
- Negative information in harmful energy particles: is a
hazardous type of information entanglement. It is the path of
transformation, decay and destruction for tuelinhs and
humans. This type of information disorder results from the
yin and yang embryo being controlled by the toxin of the yin
energy particles. In contrast to the above kind of information
entanglement, this type accelerates the destruction and decay
of tuelinhs very quickly. When the toxins of harmful particles
control people's ideology and intellect, they will deny the
information values of sustainable development in a positive
environment. Instead, they are drawn to unfavourable
environments. When interacting and reacting to adverse
environments, they easily harmonize and receive toxic

information from the harmful external environment. When
the two toxic types of external and internal information are
closely linked and encoded at the negative pole of the
vibration code in harmful energy particles, those people will
produce a lot of yin e nergy particles. The toxic connection
between negative people in a dangerous environment creates
a connection between the harmful particles of the
transformation, decay and destruction mechanism. The
consequences those people cause to people, society, and
animals are enormous. If people with toxins in their yin and
yang embryos do not interact and live in an environment with
positive information, they will quickly destroy themselves
with destructive energy.
The solution to the problem of information
entanglement:
- First, it is necessary to understand the objects related
to information disorder, including all the tuelinhs and
humans interacting and reacting in environments with each
other.
- The only solution is for everyone to understand and
practice the sustainable transmutation mechanism to
produce positive energy particles with intense positive heat.
That is to create ideologies and actions that oppose those
implementing the mechanism of transformation, destruction
and decay. The achievements and power of the light of
wisdom will help people who are disordered in their
information on the path of producing harmful energy
particles to be enlightened and awakened. When
experiencing the ultim ate suffering caused by toxins, those
who have harmful energy particles will awaken and rely on

Information Entanglement and Changing Nature of Information
in Different Environments

the enlightened wisdom of those who practice the mechanism
of producing positive energy particles. Thus, the essence of
this solution is to activate one's goodness to touch and help
others eliminate their toxins through the suffering they have
to go through.
A specific situation: when in a family, there is a spouse,
parent or child with mental illness. That is the clearest sign of
information disorder along the path of decomposition. Those
family members have information entanglements, resulting in
harmful energy particles being created in past or past lives.
Through the structure of harmful energy particles in multiple
negative particle clusters, information such as images,
language, ideologies, and negative actions that hurt each
other, people, and animals ar e in all family members. In
particular, that harmful information is stored and encoded
the most in people with mental illnesses. Because in their past
lives, that person practised actions that hurt people, each
other, and animals, their soul produced too m any harmful
particles. When negative particles are too much, it will cause
information disorder in their soul structure system. As a
result, this life breaks out into mental illness. Because family
members are related to each other in past lives, they continue
to be reincarnated and live together in the same family in the
present life to help each other eliminate toxins and activate
each other's goodness. When patients lose control of their
thoughts and behaviour, they only see past images and
sounds stored in harmful energy particles. Therefore, they see
their wife or husband, parents or children as enemies or
accomplices. At that time, they became out of control and
attacked and even killed each other. But when they woke up,

they regretted their inappropriate behaviour towards each
other. In the patient's mind, there are many different living
personalities. Family members must apply solutions to
remove information disorder to help patients recover entirely
during learning and treatment according to the knowledge of
two truths. Those are relatives who must accompany the
patient to study. The patient's relatives must understand the
same knowledge as the patient. Next, their relatives must
activate kindness by caring for the patient even if the patient
scolds or fights back. When their loved one practice kind
actions towards the sick person and others, the toxins in the
sick person's soul will be forced out faster because kind
actions are the opposite of removing information
entanglement and touching the soul of the ill person after the
suffering they have experienced. If the patient's relatives do
not follow the above solution with sincere love, the patient
will not recover. There are families where, when their
children are sick, only one of the parents loves and helps them
recover from the illness using the method of two truths. The
other person didn't believe it and even wanted to bring their
child to a mental hospital for treatment. In addition, that
person also has words and actions that hurt the sick child. The
poison grows more intense when the child's soul receives
toxic information from their father or mother. As a result, they
cannot recover from their illness. Because relatives do not
practice the kindness activation mechan ism to help the sick,
it is complicated for the ill person to recover.
Another specific situation of healing mental illness with
the knowledge of the two truths is an elderly mother in her
eighties who has been taking care of her child in his fifties,

Information Entanglement and Changing Nature of Information
in Different Environments

who has had schizophrenia for more than twenty years. He
was a talented working man who suddenly became mentally
ill. During more than twenty years of illness, the patient could
not speak, do personal activities, go to work, and take
psychiatric medication every day. When the mother brought
her child to the teacher's class to learn the knowledge of the
two truths for a few months, the teacher gave the mother a
book and advised her to read it to her child before and after
sleep. The mother followed what the teacher instructed. She
read the teacher's book of two truths to her child before and
after sleep. As a result, after a few months of treatment, he
recovered, talked again, could function independently, and
returned to work. During treatment, he often lost control of
his behaviour because he didn't take psychiatric medication,
according to the teacher's advice. His recovery from mental
illness shows the mother's immense love for helping her child
heal from that illness. It demonstrates the act of activating
kindness to help sick people eliminate toxins and recover
from illness through learning the two truths to cure mental
illness.
2. The nature of information is changed when moving
through different environments
The environment in human life includes a favourable
circumstance created by positive information values, a
harmful environment created by negative information values,
and negative and positive information.
When tuelinhs incarnate as humans and practice in the
human world, they must simultaneously live and interact
with all environments, negative, positive, and both, because

every human being has an embryo of the original yin and yang
energy of the inner tuelinh. Therefore, when interacting with
different information environments, the poison in the root yin
particle and the kindness in the root yang energy particle will
have enough conditions to reveal their entire nature. At that
time, people and their souls will identify and force out those
toxins and activate the goodness within them. That is
practising the mechanism of sustainable transformation.
Different types of environments bring different values
to humans and souls. However, people do not understand that
it is to improve themselves; instead, they blame their lives and
even wallow in suffering because of the injuries caused to
everyone. Because of this, you need to understand the value
of interactive scenarios and environments in the human
world.
You must understand how the information in yin and
yang embryos will change when they move into different
environments. From there, you will have a plan to create the
best environment for yourself to eliminate all toxins and
maximize kindness.
The environment changes the nature of information in
the yin and yang embryo:
- Negative environment:
+ For yin and yang embryos controlled by the original
yin energy particle: When these people move and live in an
environment with negative information values, their original
yin energy particle will readily accept and connect negative
external information. As a result, the yin -yang embryo
absorbs additional external toxins into itself. That makes the

Information Entanglement and Changing Nature of Information
in Different Environments

process of decomposition of the tuelinh of that person happen
faster.
+ For yin and yang embryos controlled by the original
yang energy particle: When these people move and live in
environments with negative information values, the original
yang energy particle can operate the original yin particle and
harmful information ou tside. Therefore, they can easily
recognize negative values to summarize them as lessons.
They have the power to overcome toxic environments and
practice the mechanism of generating positive energy
particles.
- Positive environment:
+ For yin and yang embryos controlled by the original
yin energy particle: These people move and live in a positive
environment. Their original yin energy particle still wins and
operates the yin and yang embryo to produce harmful energy
particles. However , encoding positive information in a
positive environment will help them gradually identify toxins
and force out their toxins. If they experience enough suffering
and live in a positive environment for a long time, their
original negative energy particle will gradually change as the
toxins are forced out.
+ For yin and yang embryos controlled by the original
yang energy particle: These people move and live in a positive
environment, and their yang energy particle becomes strong
enough to squeeze out all remaining toxins in the original
negative particle. Th ey receive and closely associate with
positive external information to promote the production of
positive energy particles to become more effective. Such

people will quickly transform yin and yang embryos into
energy filters.
The nature of information in the yin and yang embryo
will change when moving and living in different environments
to help you answer questions about mentally ill people. You
understand why when they live with kind -hearted people
who have immense love, their illnesses will quickly be cured.
On the contrary, when they live with people with negative
multi-energy particle structures in their souls, negative
people, and people without sincere love, they are easily
agitated and ready to hurt negative people. That's extreme. All
because information between environments changes the
nature of information in the yin and yang embryos of humans
and tuelinhs.
Thus, from the problem of information entanglement
and the changing nature of information in different
environments, you have learned more about the wonders of
the human practice environment in the human world. You
need to take advantage of those exciting things to create the
best environment for yourself, your loved ones, and everyone
around you to squeeze out toxins together and maximize
kindness."
A student immediately told the teacher, "Teacher, you
have given us the special enlightened knowledge of the two
truths with the smallest energy particle. You also showed us
clearly the mechanisms of transformation and how to create
the best environment to practice eliminating toxins and
activating kindness for ourselves and others. I believe that all
those who learn and practice this enlightened knowledge will

Information Entanglement and Changing Nature of Information
in Different Environments

achieve great achievements in their practising journey in the
human world."
The teacher replied, "To achieve great achievements on
the practising journey, each tuelinh and each person must
persevere and have the strength to overcome difficulties and
obstacles. No achievement is easy; the greater every
achievement, the greater the sacrifice. It is the dedication of
intelligence and time to practice generating positive energy
particles through helping and saving people and all species.
Please try and persevere, and success will always be with
you."