Chapter Twenty-Three

The Destructive Power of The Tuelinh
While Decaying

Once again, my memories take me back to when a
terrible epidemic killed countless people worldwide. It's the
end of the year when everyone and every home is preparing
to welcome the new year with hopes that the epidemic will
end and all the luck will come to them in the new year. That
year was the second year of the pandemic and a year in which
people suffered the most from deaths and economic collapse.
That year was also the year that the teacher could not open
classes. However, it was a year of brilliant achievements for
him as he created special enlightened knowledge to teach his
students the following year.
The teacher doesn't seem to care about the
preparations for the new year like every family and everyone.
Like every year, this year, he only buys food and fruits to
prepare for the new year. Therefore, he has a lot of time to
build special enlightened know ledge by combining the two
truths and the wisdom of the smallest energy particle. In
addition, he also spends time researching and finding the
most effective methods in applying that enlightened

knowledge to treat people with mental and physical illnesses.
The teacher often tells his students, "No one thinks and acts
for me," and "Nothing comes itself if I don't think and act by
myself." That is why he never stops trying to upgrade
enlightened knowledge of the two truths and find the most
effective methods to help people heal their mental and
physical illnesses and overcome suffering in life fastest.
One night at the end of the year, when he was in a deep
sleep, the tuelinh within him returned to heaven. At that time,
he went into Giac and Chap's workplace. Seeing Nalas Nalanda
return, they both immediately approached and greeted him.
Then all three tuelinhs sat together and enjoyed glasses of
water that could only be found in heaven. F or Giac and Chap,
the fact that Nalas Nalanda often returned to talk and teach
them and the tuelinhs became familiar every time he
incarnated as a human to practice or perform a task. They felt
like he was still working there, not as if he had reincarnated
as a human, like other tuelinhs.
After a few stories, Chap asked him, "Father, I know that
when tuelinhs are disintegrated by the energy of destruction,
they are extremely painful. From the pain within them, they
become out of control. Especially when residing in human
form, their actions cause harm to people, animals and
everything around them. Father, can you tell us what damage
they can cause?"
At that time, Nalas Nalanda raised his right hand before
all three tuelinhs and pushed it to the right. His miracle
created a moving picture in the air. As he spoke, different
images were recreated in that painting. He said, "Look!
Because of their many ha rmful particles, the souls of those

The Destructive Power of The Tuelinh While Decaying

boys and girls practice a lifestyle of playfulness and
sensuality. They live and sleep together like a herd. They use
stimulants to create excitement and satisfy pleasure. They
spread diseases to each other. A life with no future ahead is
the path they have chosen. Those children make their parents
suffer.
That is the image of same-sex love. On the outside, they
seem happy because they live with their passion, but their
souls inside have lost control. The toxins and disconnections
in their soul structure make them unaware of their thoughts
and actions.
It is the image of impure love between boys and girls.
They love each other to satisfy their lust, not to become
husband and wife. That's why they don't appreciate each
other. As a result, many girls abort their unborn babies when
they accidentally become pregnant. It is a crime, and it causes
the process of producing harmful energy particles and
breaking connections in the soul to become faster.
Look, my kids. Because they loved each other, they
became husband and wife. Yet, they still commit adultery with
others. Harmful energy particles are produced from there.
Those are images of a husband who is addicted to
alcohol and gambling and beats his wife and children. Not
only that, they also sold all their valuable possessions and the
house they lived in to pay off debt. They cause their wives and
children to suffer both physically and mentally. Toxic energy
particles are constantly being produced, and the decay
process in their souls is also happening faster.
Image of a husband who is jealous and thinks his wife
is unfaithful. They beat and even killed the wife when they

discovered she was having an affair. Those resentments and
actions caused them to produce harmful energy particles with
extreme negative heat. They hurt each other, their children
and their parents.
Those are images of divorce situations. Just because of
the attachment and arrogance of both husband and wife,
when disagreements and conflicts occur, they do not
sympathize and get along with each other. Instead, they were
impulsive and divorced. They cause suffering to their children
and parents.
The sadness and suffering of women and wives when
they do not have children. They are sad and miserable
because their husbands decide to divorce just because they
have no children. The wives' resentment and the husbands'
cruelty make them walk the path of soul decay.
That image is the imposition and pressure that parents
create on their children. Their parents want them to study
well and become talented people in the future. They
constantly force their children to learn day and night. Some
children have committed suici de because of their parents'
authoritarianism and mental and physical abuse. Those are
bad parents who put their suffering and greed on their
children. It is the lack of parental love that children must
accept. Parents and children produce harmful energy
particles.
Those are the images of husbands and wives who leave
them to be with someone else when witnessing their husband
or wife's illness. They make their spouses helpless due to
poverty, loneliness, and the cruel diseases they have. Since

The Destructive Power of The Tuelinh While Decaying

then, there have been patients who resent their spouses. Both
have produced harmful energy particles of decay.
Mentally ill people lose control of their thoughts and
actions. They always think their relatives are enemies. They
believe their spouse is having an affair outside. And acts of
killing their loved ones in a loss of control occurred. The
suffering and grie f caused by disintegration and
disconnection in their souls is happening too strongly.
Those are images because of disagreements and
conflicts between parents and children. The children were
murdered by their father. It is the cruelty and imperceptibility
of parents because the toxins in them erupt.
Children abandon their parents in illness and poverty.
Some children beat and kill their parents just to compete for
property and land. Unfilial children cause their souls to
produce countless harmful energy particles and accelerate
decay.
Those are images of brothers and sisters fighting over
land and property in a family. They sued each other in court.
They fight and even kill each other. Greed and ignorance have
plunged them into producing harmful energy particles.
Those are the images when people have their relatives
and parents when they die. They went to psychics to ask for
charms and cast spells on the graves of the dead. They believe
that if their loved one dies at an inauspicious time, it will cause
harm to their descendants and the living. Those are harmful
energy particles of ignorance produced by inhumanity and no
filial piety.

Those images are of healthy boys. Instead of honest
labour, they became thieves and bandits. They are even killing
those who oppose them. Harmful energy particles are
produced, causing their souls to become disconnected and
lose more control.
Those are images of beautiful girls. Instead of honest
labour, they use their beauty to make money on their bodies.
They become prostitutes or commit adultery for cash. That
causes their souls to decay very quickly by toxins and harmful
energy particles.
People who are married. Because of wealth, status, or
lack of sexual satisfaction from their spouses. They look to
other people outside to have relationships outside of
marriage. They do not know that those actions cause their
souls to become sick through decay.
Those are images where people take hunting animals
and fishing as hobbies. They are happily harbouring the
deaths of all species. They indulge in their cruelty. They show
off their achievements to their friends and relatives.
People make a living and get rich by hunting,
slaughtering, and selling animal meat. They did not know they
had produced countless harmful energy particles of ignorance
and killing. That caused their souls to produce numerous
harmful energy particles of ki lling. Their souls are
disconnected and decay very quickly.
That is the image of people who, for their benefit,
produce fake and poor -quality products. They benefit
enormously from those actions. Not only that, consumers are
affected by the health effects of those products. Those people

The Destructive Power of The Tuelinh While Decaying

are being controlled by toxins and getting rich regardless,
even endangering human health and life.
Those are pictures of famous people. They use that to
earn profit from people through acts of charity and natural
disasters.
Merchants. They use opportunities during epidemics
and natural disasters to trade fake products. They cheat on
people's lives. Those are people who release powerful toxins.
Because the consequences they cause to humans are highly
significant, their decay rate is high-speed.
These are healthy people but lazy to work and live
daily. There are people from there who become robbers or
become hired killers for others. They are destroying their
souls without knowing it.
Those are the employers. They cursed and beat the
workers. They think they have money and are the boss, so
they have the right to do those things to their workers. That is
the ignorant wisdom they have because of their toxins.
These are people who fight and even kill each other
because of conflicts. From hatred, resentment, and those
actions, they produce a lot of harmful energy particles. Their
souls are, therefore, disconnected and increasingly
disintegrate.
Those painful images are the suicidal actions of
mothers when giving birth, even killing their children. They
become depressed during pregnancy and after giving birth
when they do not receive their husbands' and relatives' care
and love. Their souls lost c ontrol because of panic and

resentment. Those suicidal actions cause their souls to decay
even more.
There are also acts of suicide, but they are because of
failure in life, career, a lot of debt, and resentment towards
each other. Those who commit suicide think that death will
help them no longer have any responsibilities in life. But they
don't know tha t it causes their souls to decay, and when
reincarnated as humans in the next life, they will become
more out of control and miserable.
These are people with status and power in the
government apparatus. They take advantage of their
positions for embezzlement and corruption. They despise and
make things difficult for people. They even find ways to make
money when the country has natural disasters and epidemics.
People consider them inferior to animals and do not have
officials' ethics. They directly and indirectly cause poverty
and deaths in natural disasters and epidemics. The damage
they made to the people was countless, so their souls
produced numerous harmful energy particles.
Those are images of leaders of nations. They are
ruthless when suppressing other countries' economies. In
particular, they launch wars of invasion against other
countries to satisfy their reasons. They massacred countless
lives of the people of other countries and their soldiers. Their
souls produce numerous harmful energy particles. Therefore,
the soul's decay process happens very quickly.
Those images are of the leaders of the invaded
countries. They need to be more knowledgeable and talented
to help their country have economic and defence strength so
that other countries do not dare to invade them. Their

The Destructive Power of The Tuelinh While Decaying

ignorance caused the people of their country to die on the
battlefield and in poverty. Their souls also produce countless
harmful energy particles. Both invaders and defenders of the
territory are ignorant in thinking that the land and territory
are theirs. They need to learn what the practice environment
in the human world is for, and no region is theirs.
These are images of teachers in schools. They are the
ones who teach knowledge to students, but they make their
students need help with the scores to make money from them.
Even teachers ask female students to exchange their lust for
grades. Those teachers do not know how to appreciate their
noble profession and walk on the path of transmutation and
decay.
Teachers teach harmful knowledge to students. These
actions are hazardous when toxic information values are
spread to many students and society. This spread of
ignorance causes countless people to become ignorant and
disintegrate in their souls. Teachers w ho act like this only
cause them to perish faster.
Images of students being arrogant because of the toxic
outbreak and thinking they are more talented and intellectual
than their classmates and teachers. That causes them to slide
down the path of producing harmful energy particles.
People who take advantage of beliefs and religions to
practice praying to gods, Buddhas, and God. They use people's
beliefs to threaten them with poverty, disease, and death if
they do not give them money to help pray to gods, Buddhas,
and God. Those did n ot know they were producing a lot of
harmful energy particles in their souls.

Teachers in religions. They are spreading false
propaganda about the path of practice in the human world.
They do not understand the origin and truth of exercise in
human form in the human world, so they believe in praying to
Buddha or God to return to heaven. They propagate ignorance
to everyone and keep everyone immersed in ignorance. That
causes people to become increasingly immersed in
information chaos, and they do not know the truth and the
path to liberation from suffering. These ignorances are spread
widely in the human world and from life to life. People who
spread false information and ignorance cause their souls to
become the souls with the fastest decay rate.
Those are the ignorant teachers in religions. They
propagate to their followers that their faith is the best. They
criticize and insult other religions to attract followers to their
religion. They must learn that Nalas Nalanda created beliefs
and countless interactive scenarios to help souls reveal their
entire nature. The next is identification to force out toxins and
activate kindness. However, they are dominated by toxins,
and they cause many of their followers to produce harmful
energy particles and disintegrate souls like them.
And, there are many other damages that negative
energy multiparticle tuelinhs cause in the human world.
Every person who is practising the path of sustainable
transformation in the human world sees those injuries."
Giac told his teacher, "Father, the poison of the tuelinhs
is hazardous for themselves and everything around them.
They do not easily control and eliminate their toxins. That
leads to suffering and harm to people, animals, and
themselves."

The Destructive Power of The Tuelinh While Decaying

The teacher continued, "The negative energy
multiparticle tuelinhs harm people, animals, and all living
things are all children tuelinhs. They are small and immature.
However, when their toxins explode at a strong level, they can
destroy the entire human world while they live in the hands
of humans. That proves to you the danger and destruction of
every tuelinhs when practising the mechanism of
transformation, decay and destruction."
Chap immediately asked his teacher, "Father, do you
have any solution to help them?"
The teacher replied, "Of course I have a solution. That
is to rebuild a practice environment that contains the true
information values of the sustainable transmutation
mechanism. Knowledge of the two truths will create an ideal
environment to help those suffering souls from being infected
with toxic information from different religious and
philosophical perspectives. The two truths will exist long in
the human world to help countless souls. After that, I will
continue to let the practice environment become more
complicated so that the tuelinhs can continue their journey of
practice, forcing out toxins and activating their goodness.
Remember that the earth's environment was created to help
souls practice suffering and tribulation. Great rescues of
tuelinhs an d the rebuilding of humanity can only be
accomplished when almost all tuelinhs are completely out of
control, and there are tuelinhs ready to transform yin and
yang energy embryos into energy filters. That is the time for
the great salvation of humanity in the human world."

Giac and Chap immediately said, "We are excited to
accompany you in the human world. We will strive to dedicate
our lives to complete that mission with you."
Nalas Nalanda nodded and said, "That is the only path
to grow and become an enlightened being. You must always
keep the fire of dedication when incarnating as a human
because a human life passes very quickly. I'm also racing
against time to help learners release all toxins and force them
out. Besides, I must help them speed up the process of
producing positive energy particles. Tuelinhs in the human
world are frozen in clusters of multi -negative energy
particles. They only recognize them when they are menta lly
ill and cause harmful consequences to everyone. Therefore,
they are unable to control and transform them. I will have to
awaken their negative energy particle clusters so that they
can awaken and practice the positive energy particle
production mechanism. That is extremely important because
if they do not awaken the frozen particle clusters, it will be
difficult for them to identify the poison to suppress and the
goodness to activate."
After chatting with the two messengers, the teacher
returned to his physical form when it was almost dawn
outside. In the following days, he planned lectures when
classes resumed after the epidemic ended, including sermons
that awakened all the memories of tuelinhs during many
lifetimes of practice in the human world. Their memories
were frozen and disconnected by the destructive energy
controlling the negative energy multiparticle clusters.