Chapter Twenty-Four

The Unified Tao of the Universe

"To attain the unified Tao of the universe, tuelinhs must
incarnate as humans and live in the four forms of human life.
That is another saying that the first tuelinh said in the
conference unifying the practising path of tuelinh life forms
before they incarnated as humans."
A student interrupted the teacher, "Teacher, is there
any difference between the Tao of the universe and the task
of transforming the yin and yang energy embryo of tuelinhs
into an energy filter?"
The teacher looked at all the students and said, "It's not
that different. As follows:
- To transform the original yin and yang energy embryo
into an energy filter, the tuelinhs must live in human form for
countless lives. They must live and fully interact with all
scenarios in the four forms of human life. The purpose is to
understand the three secrets, force out all toxins and activate
the maximum goodness in the yin and yang energy embryo.
When the production process of energy particles ensures
sufficient quantity and quality, the yin and yang energy
embryo is qualified to be transformed i nto an energy filter.

That is the mission of each tuelinh's practising journey in the
human world.
- The result after transforming the yin and yang energy
embryo into an energy filter is to attain the unified Tao of the
universe.
Thus, when each tuelinh completes its practice, they
officially attain the unified Tao of the universe. It is the
practice process and the value of the results achieved after
completing the task."
Another student immediately asked the teacher,
"Teacher, in today's lesson, are you going to teach us new
knowledge of the two truths?" The teacher replied, "It is both
new and not new. It is new knowledge because I have been
teaching you new knowledge from the past to the present. It
is not new knowledge because I have already talked about it
in the lesson of the conference to gather humanity. Do you
remember what I said in that lesson?"
The students said together, "Teacher said that the
image of the great gathering of humanity contains many
secrets. And you said you would teach us in the next lessons."
The teacher smiled and said, "Your memory is
excellent. In today's lesson, I will analyze those secrets so that
you can understand the value of attaining the unified Tao of
the universe through four forms in human life that each
tuelinh must live and practice.
First, you need to remember the words of the first
tuelinh: To attain the unified Tao of the universe , tuelinhs
must incarnate as humans and live in the four forms of human
life.

The Unified Tao of the Universe

And now, we will discover the secret of the four forms
of human life in the great gathering of humanity. In that
gathering, the entire image and four teachings of Nalas
Nalanda constitute four forms of human life. He spoke about
the four forms of human lif e at the conference, unifying the
path of practising practice before they incarnated as humans.
Four forms of human life are family, social, educational,
and national. They are encoded as follows:
- Family form:
+ Family form is the relationship between husband and
wife, parents to children, children to parents, siblings to each
other, and living people to their ancestors.
+ The image encoded into the family form at the human
conference is that each family has a father, mother, son, and
daughter. Each gathering point has many households, and it is
a symbol of family relationships in the human community.
Each family has only one wife and one husband , a spouse
relationship. The first tuelinh used this arrangement rule
according to the standard 1:1 ratio of the bonding structure
between negative and positive energy particles. The image of
parents and two children is the relationship between parents
and children. The image of two children is the relationship
between siblings.
+ The language encoded into the family form is the
teaching of the first tuelinh after he looked at the parents and
said: "I assign you the task of marrying your children to each
other so that they can form a new family and have children to
build humanity." His teachings show that family relationships
will grow and become complex as children are married to
each other to form new households and produce children.

This process in the future will create countless generations of
humans. That forms the relationship between the living and
their ancestors.
- Social form:
+ Social form is the interactive relationships in each
person's life. It includes the relationships between humans
and humans and all species in different environments, social
communities, and productive labour.
+ The image encoded into the social form is that
households are gathered at each gathering point, and there
are many gathering points of humanity. That image shapes
the relationships between people within a group of people
and between people and other groups. The image of tuelinhs
residing in human form and living in that form shows that
they must work and survive in the human world. It is a code
for relationships in productive labour for survival. Images of
animals convened at the congress show the relatio nship
between humans and animals.
+ The language encoded into social form is the teaching
of the first tuelinh when he looked at all households and
animals and said to them: "I give you the mission to tame the
animals so that their souls can also become human and
practice together." And hi s other commandment: "You will
have to go through all the sufferings of life in many human
lives..." These teachings are encoded into the social form of
each tuelinh that must live in it when transformed into a
human.
- Educational form:

The Unified Tao of the Universe

+ The form of education is the relationship of
transmitting knowledge and is called the relationship
between teacher and student.
+ The image is encoded into the teacher -student
relationship: the first is the teachings of the first tuelinh to the
households and animals at the gathering points. That is the
image of the first teacher -student relationship in the human
world. The image of parents and small children is a family and
teacher-student relationship. Parents' teachings to their
children after the great gathering of humanity is the image of
the second teacher-student relationship in the human world.
+ The language encoded into the teacher -student
relationship is the four teachings of the first tuelinh in each
conference gathering humanity. It is the first and most
thorough knowledge on the practising journey of all tuelinhs
in the human world in human form.
- National form:
+ National form is the relationship between all people
and species within a territory.
+ The image encoded into the national form is that each
gathering point of humanity has many households and
animals participating. That image shapes every relationship
between humans, animals and territory. In particular, at each
gathering point, the first tuelinh plays the leading role in
teaching all humans and animals to help each other on the
journey of practice in the human world. This image shows
that the leader teaches and cares for the people and their
creatures. People and all species listen to the instructions of
the leader. In addition, the image of many gathering points is

the image of many countries, creating an interactive
relationship between different national forms.
+ The language encoded into national relationships is
the four teachings of the first tuelinh at each gathering point
of humanity. It represents a harmonious relationship from
top to bottom and helps each other develop sustainably.
The four forms of human life that each tuelinh must live
in are encoded through the images and teachings of Nalas
Nalanda in each gathering point of humanity. It is simple and
not yet complicated in creating countless interaction
scenarios like today's society, but it is a guideline and a core
value for every soul to practice. From the sites of the great
assembly of humanity, the four forms of human life constantly
evolved to form countless interactive scenarios to this day.
Although there are numerous inte raction scenarios in
modern society, it still carries within itself the core values of
the four forms of human life encoded through his images and
teachings at the great gathering of humanity."
A student immediately asked the teacher when he saw
him sitting beside the table to enjoy warm tea, "Teacher. Thus,
the rules are the four forms of human life that tuelinhs must
live and interact with when incarnating as humans. Is that
right, teacher?"
The teacher continued the lecture, "Your question is
interesting. When you finish listening to this lecture, you will
have a complete answer to that question and other questions
related to the four forms of human life.
So, you have learned the secret of the conference
gathering humanity. The images and teachings of the first
tuelinh in that conference have been encoded into four forms

The Unified Tao of the Universe

of human life from that time to now and into the future. Those
four life forms create countless interactive scenarios to help
each tuelinh force out all the toxins within them and activate
maximum goodness. In addition, four magical forms help each
tuelinh transmute sustainably and obtain the energy filter in
their yin and yang embryos. At that time, each tuelinh will
attain the unified Tao of the universe.
From the close connection and value that the four forms
of human life bring to the unified Tao of the universe, I call
those four forms of life the four forms of the Tao. So, from now
on, you have a new term: the four forms of the unified Tao of
the univer se. It includes the family Tao, the social Tao, the
teacher and student Tao, and the national Tao. When each
tuelinh incarnates into a human, they must live in the four
forms of the Tao to attain the Tao that unifies the universe.
That means that through the four Tao forms, each tuelinh will
reach the value of the Tao mind. Achieving the mind of the
Tao, the knowledge of the two truths and the smallest energy
particle is the key for each tuelinh to practice the mechanism
of sustainable transmutation in the four forms of the Tao.
The four forms of Way create four types of the mind of
the Tao. The four types of the mind of the Tao form the unified
Tao of the universe. The form and mind of the Tao must be
closely linked together in inseparability. If separated, no
tuelinh will attain the unified Way of the universe.
Before I analyze the value of the four types of the mind
of the Tao, you need to clearly understand the value of tuelinh
before incarnating as a human. Before incarnating as humans,
all tuelinhs are children. Except for the first tuelinh, because
he was a mature tuelinh and had the most magical power in

the universe. Tuelinhs are immature because there are only a
small number of energy particles in their structure. Those few
energy particles cannot help them become mature tuelinhs.
Those few energy particles do not help tuelinh children have
the intellect ual power to understand all the secrets of
themselves, other tuelinhs, everything in and outside the
universe, including destructive energy. Because of paradise's
pure and peaceful environment, they cannot grow up quickly.
When immature, the meager energy particles in the structure
of tuelinhs are incapable of connecting and operating the life
of all physical forms in the universe. The energy of destruction
even quickly destroys them. You can understand that baby
tuelinhs do not yet have enough groups of en ergy particles
encoded into functions within their structure. Therefore,
baby tuelinhs are holy, innocent, and lovely when not yet
incarnated as humans. There are good things because they
were born and raised in the wonderful environment of
paradise. However, it is also an obstacle that hinders growth
and causes death to the tuelinh life form.
However, when tuelinh babies incarnate as humans
and live in the four forms in the human world, they step on
the path of sustainable transformation through all the
scenarios of interaction in suffering. Through the process of
forcing out toxins and activat ing goodness during countless
lifetimes of practice in the human world, the souls have
matured. They have produced numerous sustainable energy
particles, all encoded into groups of particles with precise
functions. That strengthens mature souls when their energy
structure achieves full strength to promote sustainable
development for themselves and all things in and outside the

The Unified Tao of the Universe

universe. Groups of energy particles are encoded into
functions and tasks that are formed from the four forms of
human life. We call it the Tao mind. The four types of the mind
of the Tao form the unified Tao of the universe.
The value of four types of the Tao mind:
- Family Tao: Through all interactive scenarios in family
relationships, souls force out all toxins and activate maximum
goodness in the original yin and yang embryo. They then
produce countless sustainable energy particles related to
family relationships. Those excellent energy particles help the
structure of the soul mature quickly. When the soul grows due
to that large number of stable energy particles, that soul has a
large number of intellectual wave code fibre systems that
encode excellent information values within. It is encoded
information about loving yourself and all other life forms in
and out of the universe in non -discrimination. This group of
energy particles that encode immeasurable love is only
formed when each soul goes through all the scena rios in the
family Tao form over many lifetimes of practice. Something
that baby tuelinhs cannot have when they cannot live and
interact in the family form.
- Social Tao: Through all interaction scenarios in social
relationships, souls force out all toxins and activate maximum
goodness in the yin and yang embryo. Sustainable energy
particles are born to help the soul mature and become strong.
This group of ene rgy particles is encoded into functions and
tasks to support the soul's magical power. It is a group of
energy particles with closely linked values for the sustainable
development of tuelinhs and all life forms in and outside the
universe. When baby tuelinhs have not yet been incarnated as

humans and have not yet experienced all the interaction
scenarios in the social form, they will not have this group of
energy particles that carry the power of cohesion and
sustainable development.
- Teacher and student Tao: Through interactive
scenarios in the relationship between teacher and student,
such as in education, in religions, and the transmission of
knowledge between people, the soul achieves growth into this
group of energy particles. They learn how to force out all the
toxins and maximize the goodness in the original yin and yang
energy embryo. The form of teacher and student helps
tuelinhs produce countless stable energy particles in each
reaction. The durable energy particles of this group help souls
have the power of wisdom, which is enlightened wisdom. The
intellectual wave code system in this group of energy particles
encodes the functions and tasks for the tuelinh that has the
power to transmit knowledge for sustainable development to
all other tuelinhs and other life forms inside and outside the
universe. When tuelinhs have not yet transformed into
humans, they cannot have this group of magical energy
particles. This group of energy particles helps tuelinhs
connect and operate all t hings in the universe when they
transform yin and yang embryos into energy filters.
- National Tao: Through all interactive scenarios in the
national Tao form, the souls gradually eliminate all toxins and
maximize goodness. This group of energy particles produced
will help the soul mature and have magical power because of
the information values encoded inside their intellectual wave
code fibre system. At that time, the mature tuelinh could unite
all tuelinhs and other life forms. All combine under the

The Unified Tao of the Universe

guidance of the first tuelinh to protect and develop the tuelinh
life form and make all things in and outside the universe
sustainable. When the soul is not yet mature, it will not have
this group of functional energy particles.
You need to remember that the form of family Tao helps
develop the group of energy particles in the soul that carries
the value of love in non -discrimination. The social Tao helps
the soul develop a cohesive group of energy particles and
develop sustainably. The Tao of teacher and student assists
the soul in creating a group of energy pa rticles that spread
enlightened wisdom - wisdom that develops sustainably.
Tao's national form helps the tuelinh generate a group of
energy particles that carry the unified value in respect. To be
qualified to transform yin and yang embryos into energy
filters, they must produce sufficient quantity and quality for
all four groups of functional energy particles in the four forms
of the Tao.
When successfully transforming the original yin and
yang embryo into an energy filter, the tuelinh officially attains
the unified Tao of the universe. With the power of the four Tao
minds, the intelligence of that tuelinh will integrate and unite
with the intelligence of all things and all life forms in and
outside the universe. At that time, that tuelinh had the power
of immense love and solidarity in respect to spread
enlightened wisdom and sustainable development values to
all forms of life in and outside the universe."
A student said to the teacher, "Master , if everyone
wants to complete the task on the path of practice in the
human world and attain the unified Tao of the universe, they
must produce sufficient quantity and quality of energy

particles for all four forms of the Tao. If they have not
completed it, they cannot return to their homeland."
The teacher laughed and replied, "It's true. The souls
completed their practice by transforming the yin and yang
embryos into energy filters. If not completed, they continue to
reincarnate in the human world until completed. When they
attain the unified Ta o of the universe, they can incarnate as
humans to perform tasks and save sentient beings. You must
remember that if tuelinhs do not achieve the unified Way of
the universe, they will still be easily destroyed by the energy
of destruction. When certain tue linh attains the unified Way
of the universe, they have the power to absorb the energy of
destruction and produce super -energy particles to help
protect and develop the universe to become sustainable.
Another student said to the teacher, "Teacher. After
studying this lesson, I have answered many questions about
religious and philosophical perspectives. I have understood
that God is a benevolent father and a teacher with perfectly
enlightened wisdom. He silently guides all souls and humans
on the journey of practice to attain the unified Way of the
universe. He always worries, cares, and helps sentient beings,
souls and people. Only humans do not understand him, while
he understands everything."
The teacher said, "That's right. When you understand
the knowledge of the two truths and the three secrets, race
against time to practice the path of sustainable
transformation. Don't wait for anything in the future.
Practising correctly and bringing susta inable development
value to yourself, everyone and all species is the most
valuable gratitude to the first tuelinh. Instead of praying or

The Unified Tao of the Universe

praying to God, Buddha, or any other soul, practice good
deeds. That is the path to attain the unified Tao of the
universe."