Chapter Twenty-Five

Destroying Toxins in Learners

"Before this healing course of body, mind, and wisdom
took place, the tuelinh within me returned to heaven and
chatted with two messengers. We talked about the effects of
toxins on each soul when they incarnate in human form and
interact in different scena rios. The impacts of that toxin on
everyone, all species and the soul itself are hazardous.
Humans and souls are immersed in various interactive
situations by toxins that cannot be easily recognized or
eliminated. Even though they are just small souls, whe n the
poison erupts, they can destroy the entire human world while
they exist inside a human body. You also know that humans
cannot receive sublime and difficult -to-understand
knowledge. Therefore, to help each tuelinh and human being
quickly identify and destroy all the toxins within them, I have
transformed difficult -to-understand enlightened
understanding into easy -to-understand. That is the
knowledge that combines the knowledge of two truths with
the smallest particle of energy. However, I felt secure because
I analyzed all that knowledge in detail for souls and humans.
It will be difficult for people to understand everything I teach

because they are immersed and dominated by toxins and
suffering. Therefore, I have built a lecture system to help you
identify and eliminate all the toxins in yourself when
interacting in all scenarios in human life.
The goal of each tuelinh when incarnating as a human
is to eliminate all toxins and maximize goodness in the yin and
yang energy embryo, then transform the yin and yang energy
embryo into an energy filter. Therefore, identifying and
eliminating internal toxins is the first important task for you
and everyone. Toxins are like icebergs, and they are freezing
themselves and the goodness of each person. If you cannot
break these ice blocks, you will not be able to achieve
enlightened wisdom and practice a sustainable transmutation
mechanism for your soul.
Whether you are a soul who has gone through many
lifetimes or just a few lifetimes of practice in human form,
those toxins always exist within you. It only differs in the level
of development of the toxins in the interaction scenarios of
the four forms of the Tao. Souls who experience many
lifetimes of practice when practising the path of
transformation are destruction. They have many clusters of
multi-negative energy particles with many frozen toxins.
Souls who have only practised for a few lifetimes have not yet
developed many toxins, but those toxins are still frozen in the
original yin and yang embryo.
In addition, after a long period of studying, you have
understood the three secrets that tuelinhs and humans are
searching for. Through knowledge of the two truths
associated with the smallest energy particle, you have also
understood the value of the inte raction scenarios in the four

Destroying Toxins in Learners

forms of the Tao. With your understanding and enlightened
wisdom, now is the ideal time to identify and destroy the
toxins within you. Therefore, the series of lectures on
eliminating toxins in the four forms of the Tao is essential for
all of you, especially for those who develop diseases related to
mental health. These teachings help you break the ice of
toxins, awaken memories of past lives, and promote radical
enlightenment through sustained energy particle generation.
In this series of lectures, I will associate each type of
toxin with the suffering you and everyone else have been
experiencing. Please share those experiences so that
everyone can understand, and especially it helps you practice
removing toxins from your soul." the teacher told everyone in
the classroom.
Then, many students said, "We have a lot of suffering
and toxins, teacher. Because this course is for people suffering
from all kinds of illnesses, mental illnesses, and suffering, we
have nothing but the truth of the suffering and toxins within
us that have been emitted."
The teacher said, "So, we start from the role of a learner.
In this series of lessons, you must immerse yourself in
different positions in life. Each human part is a group of
interactions in life, forming groups of energy particles with
functions and tasks in your soul. When you understand all the
toxins and remove them from your soul, you will understand
the structure, duty and function of each group of energy
particles associated with the interacting groups in the four
forms of the Tao. As a result, it will create strength to help you
activate goodness by producing positive energy particles in
each interaction group of the four forms of the Way.

And now, please tell me about your painful experiences
as a learner. That is, you learn knowledge in a school
environment, in a social setting, in a religious and belief
environment, or from someone. The learner is someone who
receives information or applies someone's method to practice
in life.
A female student shared, "Teacher. I have suffered from
hallucinations for more than ten years. In my head, I always
hear words, sometimes gentle and sometimes threatening. I
always see images of demons, images of Buddhas, and spirits.
Only I can hear and see those words and images. It has caused
me insomnia and depression for over ten years. During my
years of illness, I went to many places to meet fortune tellers
to find out what was wrong with me. Then I met an excellent
fortune teller who can know every thing when someone
comes to him for help. He has a wife and children, but for some
reason, many girls still fall in love and have children with him.
And I was no exception. I left home to serve him when he went
bankrupt due to gambling and addiction. When I suffered
extremely due to my illness and the months spent with him
while he was avoiding debt, I accidentally learned about your
knowledge of the two truths. After reading for a long time, I
understood his nature and my illness. Miraculously, I
enlightened, and my hallucinations and depression
disappeared. I realized your knowledge was the only way to
help me overcome suffering, so I studied day and night. After
that, I returned to my parents and raised my children alone.
While he continued to tell fortun es and take advantage of
people's beliefs to practice rituals, he made a lot of money. I

Destroying Toxins in Learners

joined your course because I wanted to cure my disease and
help others completely."
Another student said, "My story is also fascinating,
teacher. Previously, I studied and gained a lot of knowledge in
the beliefs of ancestor worship, gods, and Buddhism. During
the years of studying and practising that knowledge, I saw
teachers and students become increasingly greedy and angry,
doing things that harm each other and taking advantage of
religion to make money from people. Understanding those
mistakes, I decided not to join those groups anymore. After
knowing your knowledge, I learned and prac tised helping
people very enthusiastically. Learning and practising the
knowledge of the two truths in the early stages cannot avoid
mistakes when I have studied negative knowledge for many
years. But other classmates used those things to criticize me,
even concluding that I intended to betray and harm you. I
know you know that. You don't believe in those things. You
even encouraged me to overcome those toxins and actively
help people more. Until now, my intelligence and soul have
changed and become much mo re complete after the
experiences of negative interactions between learners and
the achievements of helping people with the knowledge of the
two truths."
The teacher said, "Thank you for your sharing. Those
shares are evidence of the toxins erupting from learners'
souls. Such painful experiences are a manifestation of the
toxicity released in everyone's interactions as learners. It has
also proven that when experiencing tribulation in interactive
scenarios, you will recognize and eliminate toxins to gain
enlightened wisdom. You must be grateful for all the suffering

that has been, is, and will come to you in life. It is a miraculous
material to help each soul understand the three secrets,
followed by the power to practice the mechanism of
sustainable transmutation. Therefore, you should not hate,
criticize, or fear suffering in all interactive scenarios.
When I help you unfreeze each group of toxins in
different human roles, you try to use the knowledge of the two
truths associated with the smallest energy particles and the
transformation mechanism to think and comprehend. That
helps you encode unique enli ghtened wisdom into all
scenarios in life to practice activating kindness for the best
results.
When do you know you and everyone else are taking on
the role of learners? - When you are a student studying at
school. You are people who learn knowledge in religions. You
are people who know or read understanding from books and
philosophical ideologies. You are the one receiving
knowledge from someone. And you practice according to a
specific wisdom or method. At that time, you play the role of
a learner.
Learner's toxins that you must recognize and eliminate
when they appear and develop within yourself includes:
- The poison of being lazy to study. When you are a
student studying at school, you are busy playing and not
studying hard. That is a waste of money for parents. In
particular, you cannot cultivate your intelligence to develop
your career and future. When you do not have wisdom and
understanding, you will not be aware of good and harmful
values, so you can easily take actions that hurt yourself and
others.

Destroying Toxins in Learners

- The toxicity of the inability to perceive whether the
knowledge you learn is good or harmful. That is, when you
know wisdom from religions, beliefs, perspectives,
philosophical ideologies, and books, you cannot recognize the
value of that knowledge. You are influenced by the psychology
of the crowd, by tradition that you believe and apply to life.
For example, you see a festival of killing animals to worship
the gods. It is a good action because the ritual is traditional
and is passed down from generation to generation. You have
received a toxic amount of information that you think is the
beauty of culture. That is the poison of ignorance that cannot
distinguish its value. You must understand that the act of
killing animals is an act that produces harmful energy
particles, and it is never a kind act. In particular, no gods
encourage such actions of humans because souls must
practice to improve their yin and yang embryos. Therefore,
there is no way the gods will punish humans. Another
example is when you par ticipate in religious activities
because the knowledge you learn is from the scriptures, and
you ultimately believe in what you learn. Then, you practice
without knowing that wisdom is causing you to produce
harmful energy particles. You think that rituals to pray to God
and Buddhas will escape the sins you have caused to people
and animals. You even spread that knowledge to everyone.
That means you are spreading ignorant wisdom that is
harmful to everyone. Because you do not understand the
origin and task of practice in the human world, you cannot
perceive the value of the knowledge you learn, whether good
or harmful.

- The toxicity of being jealous, superior or inferior to
your classmates. It is a hazardous toxin because learning
knowledge will help people better understand their
worldview and intelligence. However, when you become
jealous, superior or inferior to your classmates, or even think
you are more talented than your classmates, your mind will
be controlled by this toxin. You will not be aware of right and
wrong in thoughts and actions. Therefore, you will change the
value of the knowledge you have learned from the teacher to
show that you are more talented than other students without
knowing that the knowledge you change will harm yourself
and everyone else. Jealousy and being superior or inferior to
your classmates will lead to hatred of each other. Finally,
some actions offend and hurt each other. They can kill each
other to satisfy their hatred.
- The poison of jealousy and superiority over teachers.
This type of poison is hazardous. When students think they
are more intellectual than their teacher, they become
contemptuous and disrespectful of their teacher. Such
students will quickly change the teacher's knowledge, even
insult and kill the teacher. Because when controlled by this
poison, those students will have their entire minds controlled
by intellectual arrogance. Learners who cannot control and
eliminate this type of poison quickly develop o ther kinds of
toxins in their interactive scenarios.
Those types of toxins will cause you to produce harmful
energy particles. When negative energy particles are
produced, you are practising the path of transmutation, decay
and destruction.

Destroying Toxins in Learners

The best solution to help you identify and eliminate all
toxins when you play the role of a learner is to apply the
knowledge of the two truths and the smallest energy particle
to understand all those toxins. It is about analyzing all the
scenarios in the role of the learner to see what kind of energy
particles will be produced. If it is a negative energy particle, it
is poison; if a positive energy particle is produced, it is
kindness. That is the mechanism that generates negative or
positive energy particles.
When you understand the valuable information about
the truth of toxins as a learner through the two truths and the
types of energy particles produced, you will appreciate the
toxins group in the form of the Tao of teacher and student.
Next, you need to eliminate that toxin if it is present or if it
begins to appear in your thoughts. This toxicity can only be
completely eliminated when you activate all the values of
kindness as a learner.
Now, please follow me to unfreeze this toxin in the
multiparticle clusters of negative energy in your souls.
Because you have gone through many lives in the human
world, this type of toxin has thrived and caused the soul to
produce many harmful energy particles. Those negative
energy particles cause you ignorant illness , mental health
problems, and physical illnesses. It would be best to unfreeze
them so that the toxic information in the particle clusters can
vibrate. When those harmful energy particles vibrate, the data
from the lessons of the two truths will move in and neutralize
the toxic information. Therefore, for everyone, this method of
breaking the ice of toxins is highly magical to remove the
toxins and activate goodness in you. Even if you are new to

practicing in the human world, this method will also help you
gain valuable information to eliminate toxins when they
appear and develop. You must remember that the toxins of
each type of interaction can only be eliminated when you
practice activating the maximum kindness for that type of
interaction.
You focus and think about the soul inside your body.
Then read aloud after me: Hey, tuelinh, please be happy
because we have attained enlightenment. Joy because you are
no longer alone in your quest to understand the three secrets.
In this human life, at this moment, we have achieved unity by
body, wisdom, and soul. In particular, we have understood the
three secrets you have searched for in countless human lives
and the sufferings you have endured. The loneliness and hurts
of past lives you have suffered f rom have been rewarded now.
We have regained the memory of the origin, the truth of the
suffering of the tuelinh life form, and the great vow to transform
into a human in suffering to seek liberation. Our achievements
through knowledge of the two truths an d the transformation
mechanism of energy particles have helped us understand
ourselves and other tuelinhs; understand all things, events, and
phenomena in the universe, and understand destructive energy.
We and other souls all contain toxins inside, which are only
revealed and eliminated when we interact with each other to
create tribulation and suffering. Even though those sufferings
are not pleasant, we have helped each other recognize and
gradually eliminate toxins in the role of learners. Now, we
understand not only ourselves and each other but also the
nature of destructive energy. Destructive energy will invade
and disintegrate us as the toxins within us erupt and develop.

Destroying Toxins in Learners

They make us lose control and hurt each other. We have been
jealous, superior, and harmful to our fellow students and
teachers. Hey, tuelinh, you can cry. Let the tears of happiness
fall on my face. I am so happy to have helped you comprehend
the knowledge of the two truths. I will help you get rid of all
those toxins. We will work together to squeeze out the toxins
and activate the goodness in you. Dear Tuelinh, awaken all
clusters of energy particles related to your role as a learner
within you. Wake them up and awaken all the positive,
negative, and neutral energy particles involved in the group
interacting as learners. Let them awaken so that the positive
energy particles of will and power can receive the power of
knowledge of the two truths. Let the har mful energy particles
be shaken one last time before our enlightened wisdom and the
positive energy particles take control of them. Dear Tuelinh, do
not be afraid or ashamed when you see harmful information
transmitted from negative energy particles. It is not your fault.
It is in you because this poison exists in all souls and people.
Forgive yourself because those toxins have hurt your fellow
students and teachers. And please forgive the hurt that your
fellow students have caused you. Our enlightenment is our most
sincere gratitude to them. When we become enlightened, they
also know it and congratulate us. Therefore, you must be
energetic and robust to unite with me and practice squeezing
out all other toxins. Next, we dedicate this life to practising
helping and saving everyone and all species. Those are words of
deep gratitude to the first tuelinh and all our friends who have
accompanied us in countless lives of practice. In particular, they
are waiting for us to help them achieve enlightenment like us.

Hey, tuelinh, you and we will achieve success on the path of
sustainable transmutation.
When you complete this method, mentally ill people
will see intense conflicts from the soul. Those are emotions,
images, and sounds from harmful energy particles
transmitted to your brain. It would be best not to worry about
those phenomena because they ar e toxins released after a
long period of freezing. When they erupt, you continue to read
and listen to understand the knowledge of the two truths so
that the information of the knowledge moves into those
clusters of harmful energy particles and neutralizes them.
Your illness of intellectual ignorance, disease of mind, and
pathology will disappear.”
A few students immediately told the teacher, “Teacher,
it is as you said. When I listen to the teacher, I focus my
thoughts on the soul inside my body. Images from past lives
appeared clearly in my mind. If it were normal, I would have
been frightened by t hose hallucinations, but you told me
beforehand, so I was happy and observed those images. Those
are negative images, teacher.”
The teacher said, “Once the negative energy particles
are unfrozen, toxic information will be released through the
vibration of the negative energy particles. Then, the valuable
information of the knowledge of the two truths catches the
signal and moves into them to balance. Defrosting all groups
of toxins will miraculously help you overcome diseases of
ignorance of wisdom, the soul, and the body.”