Chapter Twenty-Six

Eliminating Toxins in The Role of Wisdom
Spreaders

"We continue to eliminate the toxins of the other
interacting group in the teacher -student form. That is the
poison of those who spread wisdom." After a few minutes of
rest, the teacher continued to lecture to enjoy a cup of tea.
While teaching the lesson on eliminating toxins in the
role of a learner, the teacher noticed intense conflicts within
the learner's soul. That shows that the teacher creating a
series of lectures to help students and everyone destroy
toxins is valuable an d useful to them. He just gave his first
lecture, but it is an excellent source of inspiration for him
because of the values it brings to learners.
He looked at everyone and said, "You continue to share
your painful experiences of the interactive script group as a
wisdom spreader."
A male student sitting beside his mentally ill wife stood
up and said, "Teacher, my wife has been mentally ill for over
two years. In the early stages of the disease, my wife was still
conscious. At that time, she said that she often saw images of

God and Buddha. They often pat her head and talk to her. After
she lost control of her behaviour, she showed signs like saying
she was God or Buddha. There are even sayings as if she is
blessing everyone around her. My wife had stronger conflicts
than before while participating in the teacher's class. I have
understood the knowledge you taught about the conflicts that
must arise when patients participate in learning. From your
previous lectures, I guess that my wife's past life was also
someone who taught knowledge that was not true and caused
harm to many others. Therefore, her soul produced negative
energy particles that encoded images of using God or Buddha
to spread negative knowledge to everyone. Her soul had too
many negative energy particles related t o her role as a
transmitter of knowledge, and poisonous information
controlled her entire mind. As a result, she has had mental
illness for over two years. Am I correct in analyzing the cause
of my wife's illness?"
The teacher replied, "You are such a wonderful
husband. When your wife is sick, you always love and
accompany her. Your love will miraculously remove the
information disorder problem in her soul, and your wife will
recover quickly. Your analysis is accurate through the
categories of expression and essence. The nature of the
problem will be decoded through repetitive expressions. That
shows that you are someone who can understand the two
truths very quickly."
Another student continued, "Teacher, I have had
experiences of participating in lectures on knowledge from
different religions and beliefs. I noticed that those who teach
and spread knowledge promote their faith; their views are the

Eliminating Toxins in The Role of Wisdom Spreaders

best in the world. They constantly criticize and defame other
religions and beliefs in front of their followers. Even in a
religion with many different branches, there are conflicts and
slander among the branches to attract followers to follow
their unit. These things make it impossible for learners to
distinguish between good and harmful values to learn and
apply. They make their students and followers afraid to
receive knowledge from other religions and beliefs. They even
use sermons in scriptures to instil fear in their students when
they violate the words of the leader or the god they are
worshipping. When I learned the knowledge of the two truths,
I understood that they had faith but did not understand
anything about the first tuelinh, the origin and th e task of
practice in the human world.
"Those are your wonderful experiences. Those
experiences have helped you see the magic of the first tuelinh
in creating many religions and beliefs to help tuelinhs in the
human world have full interactive scenarios in the form of
teacher and student. Souls will live and practice the
knowledge of different religions and beliefs for many
lifetimes. However, they will not be able to remember their
past life memories. That is the ideal condition and
environment for souls to emerge and eliminate toxins when
they experience all suffering and calamities in the interactive
scenarios of teacher-disciple form. Therefore, we should not
criticize or discriminate against any religion or belief. We
need to help people see the truth of origin, the task of the
practising path to achieve enlightenment, and the immense
love of the first tuelinh." The teacher explained.

Another student continued, "Teacher, not everyone in
the world believes in the origin of humanity, the soul, cause
and effect, and reincarnation. They believe that each person
has only one life, and when they die, it's over. Therefore, they
are willing to create actions that hurt each other and all
species to satisfy their greed and ignorance."
The teacher replied, " Everything that happened, is
happening, and will happen is the truth of the universe
because it is the truth of the poison released when souls
practice in human form in the human world. You should be
happy that the world has people who do not believe in cause
and effect, reincarnation, tuelinh life forms, and God or
Buddha. It would be bes t if you were not sad about that
because when each soul fully experiences suffering and
tribulations, they will believe and practice according to
enlightened knowledge. Your past lives were just like them.
You also did not believe in cause and effect or reincarnation
and the world of the soul. As a result, you now have your
answer. When experiencing suffering, your soul will achieve
enlightenment and u nderstanding, and you completely
believe in those things. You need to understand that the truth
is not changed by one person's beliefs, a group of people, or
even humanity. Someone who does not believe in
reincarnation does not believe in cause and effect. That is just
a belief in a lack of enlightened information. That belief
cannot change that their souls still have to reincarnate
through many lives to force out toxins and produce
sustainable energy particles for their growth."
After that, the teacher continued to lecture, "When will
you and everyone live in the role of spreading knowledge? –

Eliminating Toxins in The Role of Wisdom Spreaders

When you are a teacher teaching at school. You are the ones
who are teaching a specific type of knowledge to your
students. You practice religions and beliefs, then preach the
knowledge you understand to believers and everyone. You
are the one who spreads the knowledge or methods learned
from books or someone to everyone. You practice rituals to
pray for everyone. In particular, it is all of your actions in life
because everyone sees those actions and receives
information from them, whether good or harmful.
Types of toxins that you need to recognize and
eliminate as a knowledge spreader:
- Teachers who teach in schools: they take advantage of
their position to profit from students by controlling scores.
They use grades or other benefits to satisfy the lust of
students.
- Those who teach ignorant knowledge about liberation
from suffering through leaving home to practice, practising
rituals to pray to Buddha or God to be born in heaven after
death. That knowledge makes people ignorant and unaware
of the truth about humanit y's origins and the mission of
practice in the human world.
- People who spread knowledge, methods, and spells to
satisfy the desire for wealth status and neutralize lousy
karma.
- People who practice fortune -telling and worship
rituals to God, Buddha, and gods.
- Those who teach knowledge cause people not to
practice good deeds but instead practice actions that are
harmful to others and all living things.

- People in religion incite followers or people to war
and kill each other.
- Religious people propagate and criticize other
religions and beliefs.
- Teachers spread toxic ideas and wisdom to students.
That is the knowledge that does not bring sustainable
development to humans and all things and is the knowledge
that destroys the incredible solidarity of people and
humanity.
- Teachers who insult, beat and kill students.
- Teachers who commit adultery with students and
learners.
- All actions that harm oneself, others, and all species
are toxins of the person who spreads wisdom to everyone. For
example, when parents conflict leading to divorce , c hildren
will receive harmful information from their parents' toxins.
They accept those toxins and merge with the toxins inside
them to believe that divorce is typical for husband and wife
when they are not compatible. As a result, when they grow up
and hav e families, they easily divorce when they feel
incompatible. That shows that each person's negative actions
make them the ones who spread toxic knowledge to others.
Please use the two truths and the smallest particle of
energy to understand all the thoughts and behaviours of
yourself and everyone in your interactions as a knowledge
spreader. It is any thought or action that causes people not to
know the truth of the three secrets the tuelinhs are searching
for, which is spreading human poison. If harmful energy
particles have been, are, and will be produced from thoughts

Eliminating Toxins in The Role of Wisdom Spreaders

to actions, they are toxins. Those thoughts and actions satisfy
one's interests but cause harm and injury to people, animals,
and all species.
When you understand the manifestations containing
toxins in each soul when they spread wisdom, you will be
enlightened about that type of toxicity. It would help if you
stopped spreading wisdom that contains poisons that you
have enlightened to. Next, you need to eliminate those toxins
in your soul through kind actions as a person teaching
knowledge. Only compassionate activities in the role of
teachers will help you remove those toxins from your soul.
When those toxic thoughts appear in your mind, you need to
eliminate them immediately. Always remember about yin and
yang energy particles to understand why they are produced.
You will easily control and eliminate toxins from there as a
wisdom spreader.
Please note that this toxin erupts strongly in every
human being and soul. In particular, when you have gone
through countless lifetimes of practice, the harmful energy
particles containing this type of poison in the structure of
your soul are numerous. It controls your entire mind. It makes
your soul unable to grow. That toxin causes you to produce
countless harmful energy particles at the end of a reaction in
your interaction as a teacher. So, the consequences are
enormous. The reason is that knowledge ha s the
characteristic of spreading everywhere and from generation
to generation. Therefore, the form of teacher and disciple is
the knot that prevents the tuelinhs from growing up. To untie
this knot and produce sustainable energy particles for the
soul, yo u must use the two truths and the transformation

mechanism of energy particles as a guideline for
enlightenment and practice.
Before practising the toxin -breaking method as a
wisdom spreader, those with mental or physical illnesses
should not be afraid because there will be a lot of information
containing toxins that will be transmitted to your brain from
harmful energy particles. You will see many images related to
Buddha, God, the devil, sweet words, and negative words, and
they play like movies in your mind. Be happy to let them shake
and then be balanced by th e valuable information of
knowledge of the two truths.
And now, please focus and think on the soul within you.
Read aloud after me: Hey, tuelinh! I congratulate you.
Congratulations on your enlightenment and understanding of
the three secrets all tuelinhs are searching for after countless
lifetimes of practice. You have understood yourself and other
souls, everything in the universe, and the energy of destruction.
You have been lonely because of a long journey searching for
those three secrets through suffering and tribulation. It would
be best if you were happ y because we have unity between
wisdom, body and soul. It is our great power that in this life, at
this moment, we can understand our toxins and those of other
souls in our role as teachers and spreaders of knowledge. We
already have the intellectual light of the two truths and the
smallest particle of energy illuminating us. We are enlightened.
Dear tuelinh, awaken all groups of energy particles composed
of all interaction scenarios when you act as a teacher and
spread knowledge to others. Awaken all the p ositive energy
particles of generous and intellectual power and the associated
neutral energy particles. In particular, awaken all the harmful

Eliminating Toxins in The Role of Wisdom Spreaders

energy particles created in your practice when you are a
teacher, a religious person, a believer, a person who spreads
knowledge and methods that hurt everyone and all species. Be
strong, and don't be afraid when you see the memories of
suffering and hurt that you have caused to everyone and all
creatures. Let's wake them all up so that the value of the
knowledge of the two truths empowers the system of positive
energy particles and neutralizes the toxins in the negative
energy particles. Let the harmful en ergy particles be shaken
and arrogant one last time before the wisdom of the two truths
and the power of the positive energy particle system take
control of them. Hey, tuelinh, you are so happy because you have
a physical body and a brain that helps you understand the
knowledge of the two truths. Therefore, forget the suffering and
hurt of everyone stored in the harmful energy particles that
make up a part of you. This toxin is not unique to you; it exists
in all tuelinhs and inhibits our growth. Forgive yourself for the
mistakes those toxins made that have dominated and
controlled you in past lives. When you forgive yourself, you will
force out all those toxins. Next, w e dedicate this human life
together to help and save everyone and all species. Those will
be sincere apologies and gratitude to all the friends who have
accompanied you in past lives. They have vowed to practice
with you in the human world and help each ot her eliminate
toxins to transform tuelinh into maturity. Let's be strong; we
will succeed on the journey to eliminate toxins and maximize
kindness to transform yin and yang energy embryos into energy
filters. We must help our friends who are still immersed in
toxicity and suffering within other human bodies. They are
waiting for us to help them. They will be happy to know that we

have achieved great success by having enlightened wisdom and
understanding the three secrets. When you grow up and
practice the sustainable transformation mechanism, it is deeply
grateful to the first tuelinh and all tuelinhs and humans. So,
please don't g ive up; add strength to me so I can help you
practice dedication to everyone and all creatures. Besides, I also
vow to sacrifice this body to help you complete your practising
mission. We must also force out the toxins in other forms and
maximize our goodness. We will achieve the task soon.
After helping his students break through the toxic ice in
his role as a teacher and spreading knowledge, he noticed a
fierce conflict within them. Because the teacher knows that
the types of poison in the form of teachers' and students'
relationships are highly numerous and dangerous. It inhibits
the growth of tuelinhs in the human world. It is easier for
souls to destroy all poisons with the teacher's presence in the
human world. Therefore, for each tuelinh or person in this life,
receiving and practising the knowledge from the teacher is a
blessing to oneself.
Then he told his students, "Unfreezing this poison will
cause your souls to clash violently. Please relax and rest
before leaving class."