Chapter Twenty-Seven

Destroying Toxins of People Practicing
Meditation and Worship Rituals

When everyone in the classroom became quiet, the
teacher started a new lecture after a week as usual. The
teacher asked the students, "You have experienced breaking
the toxic ice in two interacting groups : learners and wisdom
spreaders. Those two groups of interactions cover all the
toxins in the teacher-disciple form. Their amount of toxins is
tremendous because it is stored in the original negative
energy particle and the negative energy particle system of the
soul. When you practised the poisoning removal method in
the role of wisdom spreaders, I saw you have violent conflicts
in your souls. Especially in people with mental h ealth
problems and serious medical conditions."
A woman with terminal cancer said, "Teacher, starting
from the first toxin removal lesson until today, I have had
severe bone pain for two weeks. It hurts all day, and at night,
it hurts worse. Are toxins being released from my soul? That's
why I'm in such pain.
The teacher replied, "In principle, it is true. When toxins
in the soul are released, depending on the level of toxins and

the disease problem each person faces, there are different
manifestations. The results of your gene sequencing show
that genetic factors do not cause your cancer. That's because
there are groups of toxic negative energy particles in the soul
that bombard c ells and cause them to transform into cancer
cells. When you learn knowledge containing true information
and sustainable development values, those toxins will escape
all of your cells. As a result, you have reactions such as sharp
pain in your joints and bones. It would help if you went to the
hospital for a bone scan and tests to see how the disease has
metastasized. However, as I have analyzed from the first class
sessions, expressions of intense conflict will help you heal
your illness most effectively. Therefore, there is nothing to
worry about. Be peaceful and happy; never fear that you will
die. When you fear you will die, death will come to you very
quickly. On the contrary, death will leave you when you do not
fear death and instead practice activati ng kindness to help
and save people. You will enjoy life until you die of old age."
Another student told the teacher, "Teacher, I had an
extreme conflict last class. Even when I listen to your lecture
again at home, I still have a conflict. I felt cold, saw images of
ghosts, my heart beat fast, and I felt nervous when reading the
method o f forcing out toxins. But when it ended, my body
became warm, and I felt like my mental illness was almost
completely recovered, teacher."
A female student confided, "Teacher, I have bone and
joint pain due to an accident. I had treatment at the hospital
and acupuncture, but it didn't help. However, after many days
of studying, according to the teacher's knowledge, I found that
my illness was almost completely cured. I did not use

Destroying Toxins of People Practicing Meditation and Worship Rituals

medication when participating in therapy. Now I can stand for
a long time and run."
The teacher said, "That is the power of information that
contains actual value and has sustainable development. When
the soul and cells in the human body are information disorder
and coded incorrectly, the valuable knowledge of the two
truths will help neu tralize and restructure the function of
each group of energy particles in the soul and cell groups in
the body.
You need to know that when you understand the three
secrets, you will no longer be subject to information disorder
in the direction of decay and destruction. At that time, toxins
will be eliminated from your soul and body. As a result, you
will not have il lness. If you have a previous disease, you will
recover very quickly."
"Teacher, I still wonder why your knowledge is so
powerful in treating diseases related to mental illness and
disease. In my case, I often had the phenomenon of having my
body possessed by demons, and sometimes my ancestors
possessed me. Then, I can know a nd say many things related
to everyone. I've had that issue for nearly twenty years. In the
early stages, I learned the teacher's knowledge through books
but never felt cured. When I asked you why I was still not
cured. After sharing with you, you told me to stop meditating
and checking for ghosts in houses and instead focus on
reading the two truths seriously. Miraculously, after a short
time, I no longer had those phenomena. I feel like my body has
become healthy and no longer gets sick. Did I recover from my
illness because I understood the nature of the problem related
to my illness?" A woman in the classroom asked the teacher.

The teacher replied, "That's true. That is the essence of
receiving enough valuable information for sustainable
development. Then, that information will help neutralize
clusters of negative energy particles and information
entanglement in the soul. That's why I advise you to read
books and stop practising meditation seriously."
After a moment of reflection, the teacher continued to
lecture, "The poison of the form of the Tao of teachers and
students has been unfrozen in the previous two lessons.
However, it is still insufficient to help you eliminate the toxins
in that form. Do y ou know why? Because people have
difficulty thinking deeply about destroying all the toxins
inside the soul, healing will be difficult. During the practising
journey of souls in the human world, some too many souls
practice meditation to achieve enlightenment or supernatural
powers, and others practice worship rituals. The amount of
harmful energy particles produced is tremendous when they
are practised for many lifetimes. As a result, it causes people
to suffer from all kinds of mental illnesses, such as being able
to tell fortunes, having magical powers, hallucinations, and
demons controlling the body. If you do not thoroughly
understand these issues, your disease cannot be cured.
However, when you know and practice what I say, you will
recover very quickly.
Did you know? The first few years on the journey to
spread knowledge of two truths. Then, I had yet to transform
the understanding associated with the smallest energy
particle. I have guided some students in meditation to help
them realize heaven, hell, an d some secrets in the universe.
Before they practised meditation, I warned them carefully

Destroying Toxins of People Practicing Meditation and Worship Rituals

about the messengers of the first tuelinh. The messengers will
lie to cause the meditator to develop poison through greed for
magical powers, intellectual arrogance, and attachment to the
dharma and supernatural powers they learned from the five
messengers. I warned them not to learn anything from
Buddha or God when meditating people met them because
people will not meet Buddha or God. Instead, there will be five
messengers who transform and pretend to be Buddha or God
when the meditator thinks of the desire to meet them. The five
messengers' mission is to help practitioners eliminate toxins
and activate goodness. As a result, those students did not obey
me. They learned magic from Buddha and God during
meditation without knowing they were messengers
pretending to. After that, they no longer listened to me
because they thought they had magic and supernatural
powers, while the teacher did not. Why do they feel like that?
Such is the poison of intellectual arrogance and the mission of
the five messengers. The messengers told them they had more
magic and wisdom than their teacher. Of course, they believe
it. That is true in all my practice lives in t he human world
during the first stage of spreading enlightened wisdom. After
witnessing my students' loss of control with that toxin, I
stopped teaching meditation to everyone. It is perfect and
valuable for the practitioner if a person understands the
knowledge and follows the instructions to practice
meditation. On the contrary, if the meditator does not
understand knowledge and does not listen to education, they
will be unable to control the poison in the form of teacher and
student when it breaks out.

You need to know the level of toxins in people who
practice meditation and worship rituals and their
consequences. As follows:
- People who practice meditation:
+ People who practice meditation to achieve calmness
and peace in life. The purpose sounds excellent and valuable,
but it is an ignorant purpose because the souls live in human
form to have suffering and tribulation. The next is to identify
and force out the toxins in them. Finally, practice producing
positive energy particles to help the tuelinhs mature and
transform the yin and yang energy embryo to become
sustainable. They do not understand that true happiness and
peace can only come when people act kindly to help and save
everyone and all living things. Therefore, practising
meditation to gain peace and happiness is the poison of
ignorance. In addition, it also inhibits the journey and time to
practice sustainable energy particle production.
+ People who practice meditation to achieve
enlightened wisdom and become enlightened beings. This
level of toxin is potent in controlling the human mind. They
will never gain enlightened knowledge and become
enlightened beings through meditation practice. Meditating
to know about life forms in the universe does not help them
produce sustainable energy particles for the soul's growth. If
meditation led to enlightenment, tuelinhs would not need to
incarnate into humans to practice. You need to understand
that meditators can know something in the universe through
meditation within the understanding of their soul before
incarnating as a human. Therefore, re -knowing things they
already know that have no value in helping them grow is

Destroying Toxins of People Practicing Meditation and Worship Rituals

meaningless. As a result, these people believe that they have
become enlightened and have become enlightened beings.
They do not practice awareness to force out toxins and
produce positive energy particles in the human world's four
forms of the Tao. As a r esult, their souls increasingly encode
incorrect information on their practising journey in the
human world because of their experience and supernatural
abilities. That makes it easier for them in their next lives in the
human world to open their third eye , and they will continue
to immerse themselves in meditation because that type of
toxin has dominated them.
+ People who practice meditation to gain supernatural
powers and magic. They quickly lose control of their
behaviour by the magical powers or mantras they learn
during meditation. They can communicate with the spiritual
life form through meditation, which is the result of their many
lifetimes of practising meditation. However, for every tuelinh
that has not yet transformed into a human, it is normal. There
is nothing talented or accomplished on the path of practice.
It's like an adult chicken wanting to tur n into an egg to
understand the world inside the eggshell. They do not
understand that the things they see and know through
meditation are things their soul knew before incarnating as
humans. As a result, they were immersed in meditation when
they learned many magic spells and mantras from five
messengers pretending to be Buddha or God. They think they
are more talented than other practitioners. Therefore, instead
of forcing out toxins and activating goodness in suffering and
calamities, they apply magical powers and mantras to
suppress demons and help people achieve their desires in

prayer rituals. Those actions cause their souls to become
uncontrolled by the poison of that ignorance. They produce
many harmful energy particles through the ignorant activities
of thinking that their magical powers and mantras will help
people overcome suffering. And they also naively believe that
they have achieved outstanding achievements in their
spiritual path. When the amount of harmful energy particles
in their souls is too much, they will become mentally ill people
with images of Buddha, God, and d emons in their minds.
When they are still conscious and have not lost control of their
behaviour, they always see Buddha, God, and monsters
everywhere, whether they are meditating or not.
- People who practice worship rituals:
+ People who practice worship because of suffering, the
desire for wealth or status, and the desire to neutralize
negative karma. These are rituals to pray to Buddha, God, or
gods. When practising rituals, they killed animals to make
offerings for worship. They believe that prayer and offerings
of animal bodies, God, Buddha or gods will help them
neutralize bad karma, overcome suffering, and gain wealth
and status. The toxins of the ritual practice of supplication are
dominating these people. They became ig norant and killed
the animals. They ignorantly think that God, Buddha, or other
gods will assist in their brutal actions. And they also believe
that they will get help from those praying rituals. They did not
know that the actions of killing animals combin ed with
praying rituals caused their souls to produce a lot of harmful
energy particles. When these harmful energy particles
become abundant in their souls, they will suffer from mental
illnesses or serious illnesses. They will even encounter more

Destroying Toxins of People Practicing Meditation and Worship Rituals

misfortunes in life. The toxic energy particles in their souls
hold images of gods, Buddha, God, and animal deaths. That is
why many people have their bodies taken over by demonic
phenomena. The truth is that no devil is taking over their
bodies. The toxic information in their souls controls their
minds when they have many harmful energy particles.
+ People whose profession is a shaman. They may have
learned worship methods from their teachers. They may have
practised meditation for a long time and have ways to practice
worship and use supernatural powers. It is possible that
people naturally can make offerings - in fact, in past lives, they
practised the profession of offerings. These people lose
control of their thoughts and behaviour because of the toxins
inside their souls. They think that when they worship, they
help others by helping people pray to Buddha, God, or gods.
They are ignorant because of toxins' influence and do not
understand the truth about their origin and practising
mission. That makes them increasingly practice the
mechanism of producing harmful energy particles of the toxin
that is the spreader of toxic intelligence. To perform the
rituals, they asked people to slaughter many types of animals
as offerings. In directing the killing of animals and spreading
superstition based on taking advantage of people's belief in
Buddha, God, an d gods, their souls produce countless toxic
energy particles. That is the reason why many shamanic
teachers suffer sudden death while they are alive. The reason
is that when they direct the killing of many animals, those
animal souls resent the teacher and will follow that teacher.
When the negative energy in the teacher is too much, it will
cause the teacher to die suddenly. In particular, when the

souls of these teachers are reincarnated as new life, in mild
cases, they are controlled by phenomena such as demons, and
in severe cases, they have mental illness.
You have witnessed many people suffering from mental
problems related to meditation and prayer rituals. But they
think they get that blessing from Buddha, God, and gods to
help people through worship. You all know what their
consequences are. Among you in this class are also people
who meditate with miraculous powers and practice worship
rituals in past and present lives.
Have you understood why, when you read and learn the
two truths, all mental and physical illnesses will be cured? It
is especially good for someone who has phenomena such as
being possessed by demons or abilities such as telling
fortunes for others. No demons possess your body, nor can
you neutralize or pray for anyone through rituals and
supernatural powers. It's all about the operation of the energy
particle structure inside each soul, and the practising journey
must include suffering to help the tuelinhs mature and
achieve enlightenment. You will be cured immediately when
you understand everything and the nature of the disease
problem. That is why many people, after seriously reading
and learning the two truths, no longer have the phenomenon
of demons possessing their bodies and are no longer able to
tell fortunes. In particular, people with severe mental illness
also recover.
Now, please focus on the soul inside your body to
eliminate this toxin. Read out loud after me:
Hey, tuelinh! It is magnificent that we have known and
learned the two truths. I congratulate you because you have

Destroying Toxins of People Practicing Meditation and Worship Rituals

finally achieved this outstanding achievement after a journey of
practice in human form for many lifetimes. The two truths have
helped us understand the three secrets all tuelinhs search for.
We know about ourselves and other tuelinhs that we all have
evil and good within us. Poison and goodness can only be
revealed through the suffering of the tribulation that we have
vowed to incarnate as humans to practice. We have a great
mission with other friends to create interactive scenarios in
each life and help each other. We helped each other to identify
and eliminate toxins and then activate kindness. On the journey
of practice in human lives, toxins have been discovered and
removed from the soul in addition to activated good deeds.
Although you have lost control due to the toxicity of the teacher-
disciple form in your meditation practices and worship rituals,
you have now achieved great success. Hey, tuelinh, please
rejoice and cry for this happiness. Because now we understand
all things and the energy of destru ction. From understanding
ourselves and other souls, we have realised that when the toxins
within us control the entire positive energy particle system,
destructive energy will enter us through the excess harmful
energy particles. That leads to the destruc tion of countless
tuelinhs. Dear Tuelinh, we have found the cause and understood
everything through knowing the two truths. We have the power
from that knowledge to force out all the toxins in the original
yin and yang energy embryo. Therefore, awaken all energy
particle clusters with informational content related to
meditation practice and rituals. Awaken the positive and
neutral energy particles so that they have more truth power
from knowing the two truths. In particular, awakening harmful
energy particl es involves information that you practised

meditation and rituals in past life without understanding that
those actions were detrimental to animals, people, and yourself.
Awaken them so they can receive robust information from the
wisdom of the two truths. They will be neutralised and become
more stable energy particles thanks to the knowledge of the two
truths and the positive energy particle system. Hey, tuelinh,
don't be afraid or ashamed when you see the harmful
information you have caused to animals, others, and yourself.
This type of toxin exi sts in all souls, and all have been helping
each other recognise and remove it from their souls. There is
nothing to be afraid or ashamed of because we are living in a
human environment to perform a noble mission. Therefore,
each soul's achievements are a worthy result after a journey full
of suffering and tribulation. Hey, tuelinh, be strong, and join me
in uniting body, wisdom and soul into a person with the power
of knowing the two truths. We must eliminate all the toxins in
the teacher -disciple Tao and other Tao forms. Next, we must
help people and other souls understand the three secrets to
transform yin and yang embryos into energy filters. Our
attainment of enlightened wisdom is the joy of all souls and
even those tuelinhs who suffered from us in past lives. Forgive
yourself to have the strength to help them. Let us dedicate this
human life to helping and saving everyone by practising the
mechanism of sustainable transformation. Those are genuine
apologies to all people and tuelinhs. Besides, it is als o a deep
gratitude to the first tuelinh for his silent help to all of us. We
will achieve outstanding achievements in this human life.
Therefore, I vow to dedicate my body to you to practice the path
of generating positive energy particles.”

Destroying Toxins of People Practicing Meditation and Worship Rituals

After a few minutes for the students to relax after
finishing the toxin -breaking method in the role of people
practising meditation and worship rituals, the teacher asked,
"How do you feel?"
Some students answered, "I saw images of killing
animals and demons. I see images like Buddha and God. I
shook my whole body, then my body became warm." "You see,
if you touch any group of toxic information in your soul, you
will immediately have intense c onflicts. Therefore, to
eliminate toxins, you must read and re -listen to each lecture
many times. The goal is for your soul to absorb the most
accurate and valuable information fully. Then, y ou will
practice the most effective production of sustainable ene rgy
particles." The teacher answered.