Chapter Twenty-Eight

Eliminating Toxins as a National Leader

When the teacher entered the classroom and prepared
for a new lecture, several students said, "Teacher, your
lectures on removing toxins from the soul have great power.
Every time I listen and practice eliminating toxins at home,
my body has strong reactions. But it's great, sir. After the past
few days, my illness has decreased a lot. The health of body
and mind is getting better and better."
After enjoying a cup of hot tea, the teacher said, "The
interaction scenarios in the form of teacher and student
contain the most toxins on the growth journey of each tuelinh.
If each person quickly squeezes out that type of toxin, other
toxins will also be easily eliminated, and the soul will mature
very quickly. On the contrary, if the pressing of toxins in the
form of teacher and disciple is slow, other toxins will be very
difficult to press; as a result, the soul will become sick and
have difficulty gro wing up. The reason is that the form of
teacher and student helps each soul develop intellectually and
cognitively. Therefore, the toxins of this type of interaction
are a bottleneck that inhibits each soul's growth and prevents
the elimination of other types of toxins. On the contrary, if you

can squeeze out the toxins and activate the goodness of the
interacting groups through teacher and student, it is the
magical key to motivating each soul to produce sustainable
energy particles.
Awareness and understanding are big problems for
every person in the human world. It is also a big problem for
all tuelinh life forms that they need help understanding the
three secrets. Therefore, when it comes to the issue of
awareness, wisdom, and ignor ance, you should not think
those statements are not polite to everyone and all souls.
Because of the prevalence and danger of toxins in the
form of teachers and students, your souls have produced
countless harmful energy particles during your practice lives.
That causes your soul to be immersed in other toxins and
unable to mature. Therefore, when implementing the method
of loading knowledge of the truth and the value of sustainable
development of the two truths, you have harsh reactions in
your soul and body. Because of the nature of this type of toxin,
I repeatedly remind students to study seriously and diligently
to understand knowledge. If learners accurately understand
the two truths, everyone will practice correctly. When
practised incorrectly, it means people are spreading false
wisdom to others. In addition, in many therapy courses, I
always remind patients to listen to me when studying and
practising. Listen to me to learn and practice the knowledge
accurately to make the treatment most effective. The truth has
proven that anyone who does not listen to my advice will not
recover from their illness, will not overcome suffering, and
cannot help their soul grow.

Eliminating Toxins as a National Leader

Today, you continue to eliminate toxins in the national
form. In the interaction groups of this Tao form, there will not
be many people with harsh reactions in their souls and bodies
like the teacher and disciple form. However, if someone has
many types of toxins and harmful energy particles associated
with these types of toxins, they will still have severe reactions.
Therefore, when you see harmful images and information
about the national Way transmitted from the soul to the brain,
observe them as if watching a short movie. Don't be afraid or
worried about that toxic information in your soul. Because
every tuelinh has all kinds of toxins in the four forms of the
Tao, there may be a difference in the level of each type of
poison.”
A male student immediately said, "Teacher, I asked you
to participate in this therapy course because I have been
depressed for more than a year. I have phenomena such as
fear and anxiety when alone at home. I always think that
someone is watching and killi ng me. When I went to the
hospital, the doctors concluded that I had depression and a
fast heartbeat. For more than a year, I have had to take heart
medication and depression medication. However, my illness
became more and more serious. Listening to the teacher, from
the first days of attending class, I no longer took heart and
depression medications. As a result, after two months of
studying, I no longer have heart palpitations, and the
symptoms of anxiety and fear when staying at home alone are
still ther e. When I have such phenomena, I listen to the
teacher's lecture without worrying or fearing. I had the same
dreams many times; I was a general and ordered the killing of
many people. When I have dreams like that, I often wake up

in the middle of the night, then I feel scared, and my body is
freezing. I want to ask you, sir, are those toxins and negative
energy particles in the national form? Because the teacher
once said that if the patients understand their problem and
the illness they suffer from, then the illness and the problem
will disappear."
The teacher said, "It is true that I said when you
understand the truth, all diseases and problems will
disappear. In addition, you must remember that diseases of
the wisdom, soul, and body caused by any type of toxin must
be healed with that information. If a killer toxin causes your
intellectual and mental illness, you must eliminate that toxin
and act kindly in saving people. You cannot use not killing
animals to heal the toxic group of murderous acts. The
information in healing body, mind, and wisdom mu st be
accurate to help you recover from illness, and your soul will
mature quickly. You cannot know about past lives that you
lost control of your behaviour and caused harm to people and
species in interacting groups. Therefore, I must provide you
with com plete information. That is why you must practice
recognizing and eliminating all toxins in each form of the Way.
When you have mild to severe reactions in each interaction
group, that is a sign that you recognize that this type of toxin
has thrived in your soul.
Like the story the man just shared, your illness and the
recurring images in your dreams are toxic information in the
form of the national Tao. It has been encoded in the harmful
energy particles of the soul from past lives. That information
bombards and begins to control the brain, which is a sign of
mental illness. Anxiety, fear, and depression are just the first

Eliminating Toxins as a National Leader

stages of the disease. However, receiving valuable
information helps neutralize those toxins. I congratulate you
on your initial achievements in healing your illness."
After sipping a cup of hot tea, the teacher continued his
lecture, "We will eliminate toxins together as leaders of the
nation this morning.
Do you know who the national leaders are? When it
comes to the phrase national leader, you will likely think of it
as the header of a country. However, we need to understand
more fully: national leaders are representatives of the people
to protect the righ ts and interests of the people within the
scope of their management and leadership from the local level
up to the highest level within a national unit. That is:
- The heads of operations and general management of a
country.
- The leaders manage different areas of a country.
- Heads of regions and territories within the country.
- Those who enforce and manage the law at all levels
and fields.
- Executives and managers in the armed forces.
- Managers and executives at grassroots levels.
- People in leadership roles can be generally
understood as those who perform tasks to serve the rights
and interests of the people, and they receive salaries from tax
contributions from the people. That is the most complete
understanding.
Next, you need to identify and understand the types of
toxins in the interaction scenarios of each tuelinh when they
play the role of national leaders. As follows:

- Leaders embezzle and corrupt money from the state
budget and the people.
- Incompetent leaders cause people to live in poverty,
without prosperity and development.
- Leaders collude with traders or businesses to get rich
from destroying the country's natural resources. That is
cutting down forests, exploiting soil, stone, and water
resources, causing damage to the ecosystem of all species and
humans.
- Leaders issue policies that benefit a particular group
of people while causing negative consequences for the people.
- Leaders take advantage of beliefs and religion to fool
people. That makes it easy for leaders to rule and exploit the
people.
- The leader appropriates people's wealth and land.
- Leaders issue tax policies that force people to live in a
situation of paying many taxes and penalties.
- Leaders let people die in epidemics and natural
disasters.
- Leaders collude with merchants and businesses to get
rich from natural disasters and epidemics of the people.
- Leaders oppress, beat, and kill people.
- The leader propagates racial and ethnic
discrimination and incites hatred between nations.
- Leaders incite and oppress the economies of other
countries, causing their people to live in poverty.

Eliminating Toxins as a National Leader

- The leader incites and invades another country. That
causes soldiers to die on the battlefield and people of other
countries to die.
- Leaders are ignorant in developing their country to
become strong, so other countries invade them. As a result,
they caused soldiers and people to die on the battlefield, and
people's lives sank into poverty and suffering.
Among the leader's toxins, the toxins that cause war,
including being invaded and going to invade, are the most
dangerous toxins humans experience when interacting as
leaders. The poisons of that ignorant intelligence caused
countless soldiers and people o f their own and other
countries to die.
The toxicity of interactive scenarios as a leader causes
a lot of harm to people and all species. It stands behind the
poison of the teacher-disciple form. When this type of poison
in the form of a national Way breaks out and develops, it will
hurt many people and even kill countless people. They do not
understand that they are incarnated as humans and have the
advantage of being leaders to force out toxins and activate
goodness within their souls. That is a considerable advantage
when everyone understands the truth of the three secrets
humans and tuelinhs are searching for. They can use this to
produce countless positive , stable neutral and negative
energy particles to help their souls mature quickly. Through
position and power, policies are promulgated to help people
develop sustainably, and the country live in peace and
prosperity. That is to build policies of solidarity and harmony
between countries so that war does not occur. Those
advantages are rare and not available to countless souls to

promote the practice of sustainable energy particle
production."
A student interrupted the teacher, "Teacher, can all
souls live as national leaders while undergoing spiritual
practice in the human world?"
The Master replied, "All tuelinhs must go through life as
leaders. However, depending on cultivating wisdom and
understanding during spiritual practice, each soul can take on
leadership roles at different levels and powers. For example,
a tuelinh, during t he practice in past lives, achieved the
wisdom to lead and govern people at a basic level. In their
current life, they can only lead and manage people at an
equivalent level, and if they are in a higher position, they must
cultivate a huge amount of knowledge. However, if they try to
achieve a higher position than their soul is capable of by using
money or connections to get it, the consequence is that they
will easily die suddenly or have to go to prison because of a
lack of intelligence to overcome the to xins of greed and
ignorance. That is the cause and effect of toxic out -of-control
behaviour as a leader."
Another student immediately said, "Teacher, that is
why in the lesson on wisdom and the enlightened mind, you
said not to use the money to buy status as an official, but
instead to cultivate wisdom and dedicate intelligence to help
the people. Thus, a leader's talent and power position depend
on the informational values each soul has retained from past
lives and the effort to cultivate the wisdom of the present life.
Suppose a person does not have valuable information about
management and administration exp erience to help the
country prosper and prosper. In that case, they use money

Eliminating Toxins as a National Leader

and connections to become the country's top leaders, and
they will easily cause harm to the country. Even because no
positive energy is involved in benefiting the people from their
past lives to protect them, they are easily killed by power
struggles or live in prison for embezzlement and corruption.
Is that right, teacher?"
The teacher replied, "That's true. The ignorance and
out-of-control toxins in the role of a leader cause countless
souls not to recognize or even believe in their origin and
mission in the human world. They are immersed in stealing
money from the people an d the country's budget. They even
guide their relatives and acquaintances together to become
greedy and intellectually ignorant officials."
Another student asked the teacher, "Teacher, in the
history of countries worldwide, their people worshipped
generals and leaders as saints because they helped people
destroy enemies when their country was invaded. I wonder if
those saints are true saints and achieved enlightenment?"
The teacher said, "There is a reason why people of all
countries worship them as saints. Because they sacrificed
their lives to unite the people against the invasion and killing
of soldiers from other countries, they are the great heroes of
their people, so they are revered by the people and canonized
as saints. However, from the truth of the three secrets, from
the knowledge of the two truths and the smallest energy
particle, and through the mechanism of energy particle
production, you will see the nature of those things. The
leaders uniting to protect the lives of their people from
invasion and killing from other countries are their actions
that produce positive energy particles. However, they led the

people to activate the toxin of hatred for the enemy. They
killed the soldiers on the other side of the front line, which
was producing harmful energy particles. Because of killing
humans, a lot of toxic energy particles are produced. It causes
their soul structure to be disconnected, and destructive
energy will attack, causing decay within them by the vibration
of excess harmful energy particles. It is also unfortunate for
each person to witness the situation of relatives and family
being killed by soldiers of another country or from the other
side of the front line. They need a journey of many more lives
to transform the negative energy particle structure in their
souls.
You need to know that a saint and an enlightened being
as a leader must bring peace and prosperity to the people. It
includes the people of their own country and the people of
other countries. They do not cause wars to invade other
countries or let other c ountries invade their country. That is
the true saint and enlightened person in his role as a national
leader.
It would be best to remember that the territory and
resources such as sea, water, and land on Earth do not belong
to any country, anyone, or dominant group. It belonged to the
universe and was born from the yin and yang embryo of the
first tuelinh. He has been protecting and developing it. He
created the Earth so that all tuelinhs have an environment to
practice, not so that humans can fight over it and kill each
other.
Now, please focus on your inner soul to eliminate the
toxins in your role as a leader. Read out loud after me:

Eliminating Toxins as a National Leader

Hey, tuelinh. Do you know? The path of leading and
ruling a country or people is more challenging than what
people and tuelinhs think. It is complicated because we quickly
lose control due to the toxins in the root harmful energy
particles and the negative energy particle system that
dominates and controls our minds. It isn't effortless because we
do not have enough intelligence and understanding to practice
activating the goodness that a leader must do. Those things are
one of the reasons why you and all o ther souls must incarnate
as practitioners for many lifetimes in the human world. Hey,
tuelinh! It would help if you were happy because we have
understood the three secrets that you and other tuelinhs have
made great vows to incarnate as humans for many li fetimes of
practice to search for. In this life, at this moment, we have
understood those three secrets through the knowledge of two
noble truths. We have understood the poison and goodness
within ourselves and other tuelinhs. We understand the nature
of e verything in the universe and the energy of destruction.
Therefore, rejoice; it is the joy of success on a path full of
suffering due to a journey with countless lives of practice you
have gone through. Hey, tuelinh, join me in uniting body,
wisdom and sou l to receive the power of enlightened wisdom
from knowing the two truths. The light of enlightenment helps
us understand the three secrets and the sustainable path of
transformation to become an enlightened being. Therefore, at
this time, we must remove th e poison as a leader within you
after many lifetimes of you losing control due to this poison.
Dear Tuelinh, please awaken all groups of energy particles,
including positive, neutral, and negative particles related to the
information content when you were a leader in past lives.

Awaken them, let the positive energy particles of love for the
people be empowered by the knowledge of the two truths. Let
the harmful energy particles of ignorance and greed as a leader
awaken. Let them be shaken one last time by the arrogance that
poisons them. Because then they will be neutralized by the
power of positive energy particles and enlightened wisdom
from the two truths. Hey, tuelinh, don't be afraid or worried
when you see harmful information as a leader from the negative
energy particles tra nsmitted because those toxins exist in all
souls. Please observe them so we can have more strength for a
sustainable transmutation process by activating our goodness.
You should feel happy because, in this life, you have my vow to
dedicate this human life to eliminating all toxins and practising
the path of sustainable transformation in all forms. Let's
practice the production of sustainable energy particles
together out of love and responsibility to all people and
creatures. Those are the deepest apologies and gratitude to
everyone in the past and the first tuelinh. Hey, tuelinh, please
forgive yourself for the mistakes you made to everyone and all
species in past lives when you were a leader. Only by forgiving
yourself will you have the strength to force out all the toxins and
activate the goodness within yourself. Outstanding
achievements are waiting for you ahead. Therefore, please join
me in determining to complete the mission of practising to
mature and become an enlightened being. Let's work together
to help everyone and all species transform along the path of
producing sustainable energy particles through enlightened
knowledge of the two truths.
You should perform this toxin removal method
multiple times for each toxin type. It is beneficial in activating

Eliminating Toxins as a National Leader

the soul's compassion to have the power to eliminate toxins
through practical actions of helping and saving people and all
species. Remember, you must practice helping and rescuing
others in all interaction scenarios in the four forms of the Tao.
Toxins can be thoroughly eliminated only when practising the
mechanism of producing positive energy particles. Otherwise,
learning and understanding the knowledge of the two truths
will become meaningless."