Chapter Twenty-Nine

Destroying Toxins as Citizens for the
Nation

After a few hours of lunch break, when the lecture on
eliminating toxins as a leader ended, the students were fully
present in the classroom. Everyone's stories disappeared and
were replaced by silence when they saw the teacher had
entered the classroom. The teacher started the lecture after
enjoying the first cup of tea.
When the teacher was preparing to lecture, a student
said, "Teacher, I thought that when I practised removing
toxins as a leader, I would not react to my soul. Yet
phenomena such as difficulty breathing, headaches and a little
fear appeared in my body. Aft er that, my body sweated a lot.
In my past life, I took actions that hurt people when I
experienced situations as a leader. Maybe the amount of
negative energy particles produced from that scenario hasn't
caused me to have a mental illness. However, suppos e that
toxin is not eliminated while the body and mind are alert. In
that case, it can still easily break out into mental illness when
other groups of negative energy particles are increased. From
my experience, it is precious to recognize and eliminate toxins

in all interacting groups in the four forms. In addition to
helping people heal from illness, it also helps people of all ages
prevent illnesses from coming to them in the future. I
conclude that learning the wisdom of the two truths is an
essential job fo r everyone, whether they are children or the
elderly."
The teacher said, "It is true, the value of knowledge of
the two truths not only helps each tuelinh attain the unified
Way of the universe; It also has the power to heal everyone's
intellect, soul, and body.
This afternoon, we continue the remaining toxic group
of national form. That is recognizing and eliminating toxins as
citizens of the nation.
When do we stand as people of the nation? – We are
born and live in the community of a country. That is when we
belong to a nation by laws and traditions. That is when we live
and work in compliance with the law, our rights, and our
obligations to the country.
All those who play leadership roles at all levels and
sectors of a country are also people of the nation. You need to
understand that the leader is not the master of the people.
They are just people who have the trust and confidence of the
people because of their intelligence and morality to help the
entire people unite and develop in happiness and prosperity.
However, I want to separate the two roles so that we
can identify the toxins for each position. From there, it will be
easier to eliminate toxins in the soul. That means don't think
that if you are the leaders, then you are not the people of the
nation. If you understand that, you're mistaken. Even though
you are a leader in this life, you are also a person's role. You

Destroying Toxins as Citizens for the Nation

are not anyone's master. You are the only person with the
prestige and trust of the people to manage and develop the
country to prosper. Therefore, the role of a citizen includes
everyone living in a country.
Toxins that need to be recognized and eliminated as a
citizen:
- It includes all the toxins of a leader.
- People are too lazy to work. When this type of poison
develops, it will make people's lives poor and their
intelligence stupid. Their country is at risk of invasion from
other countries when it has too many poor and ignorant
people.
- People live in deception, fraud, harm, and theft from
each other. These people put the country at risk of riots and
the breakdown of great national unity. The threat of
intervention and invasion from richer and stronger countries
is vast.
- People live in poverty because they do not learn by
themselves to develop intellectually and economically. It is
poison to the responsibility of a citizen.
- People live and work in violation of the law, such as
stealing, trading and producing products that are prohibited
by law, tax evasion, trading and trading in products that are
harmful to humans and all species. That is the poison of profit
that harms everyone.
- People receive and propagate harmful information
that divides the great unity of the people from the leader. That
creates the risk of violence and sabotage interference from

forces outside the country. The consequences can cause war,
poverty and death for the people.
- People incite discrimination between people within
the same country, racism and hatred towards other nations.
- People incite conflicts and kill each other.
- People incited civil wars and invaded other countries.
Those are toxins that each person, as a citizen, must
know and eliminate. You can see leaders have to have greater
concentration to recognize toxins and remove them from
their souls. Because they simultaneously play two roles as
people and leaders when they are trusted and trusted by the
people to be entrusted with national management and
development.
In previous courses, I analyzed the types of toxins in all
forms so that people can know and eliminate them when they
appear. Some students have said, "If they don't do everything
to satisfy themselves in life, then what is life meaning
anymore?" Do you think they are right? You already have the
answer right from the lessons about wisdom and mind. It
would be best to remember that practising in the human
world does not satisfy any of the ten forms. Those ten forms
always exist in all interaction scenarios of the four forms of
the Tao in each person's life. There are many souls who,
because of selfishly satisfying their interests in the four forms
of the Way, have caused harm to people and all creatures from
past lives. Therefore, in this life, they have to endure countless
sufferings and disasters, such as mental illness and severe
illness. That is the consequence of practising a harmful
lifestyle because the toxins in them appear and develop.

Destroying Toxins as Citizens for the Nation

When you put yourself into each role to understand,
you will gain enlightened wisdom to transform your soul to
become more mature. I give you the following example: in
your previous life, you despised black people, even forcing
them to be your slaves. You beat and killed them because you
thought you were a class of people superior to them, so you
had the right. That is your ignorant wisdom when you do not
understand the origin of humanity and the practising mission
of the tuelinh life form. Because you lost control of the toxins
when interacting as a citizen with other citizens, many
negative energy particles were produced. As a result of this
human life, the wisdom council will be based on the results
you have done in past lives to arrange for you to be born and
raised in an environment where you are black. Then, you will
suffer from racism and poverty. When your soul experiences
all the different roles, it will recognize the toxins within you,
and you will be able to eliminate them faster in the
subsequent lives of practice. Therefore, to help the tuelinhs
eliminate all toxins as quickly as possible and activate the
maximum goodness when interacting in all scenarios, the
knowledge system of the two truths has been built and spread
to humanity. That will help the tuelinhs quickly successfully
transform their yin and yang energy embryos into energy
filters to return to their homeland and continue with the first
tuelinh on the journey to protect and develop the universe to
become better and more sustainable.
Now, please focus and think on your souls to eliminate
toxins as people of the nation. Please read aloud after me:
Hey, tuelinh! Congratulations on your achievements
after many lifetimes of practice in the human world through

suffering and tribulation. At this moment, you have achieved an
outstanding achievement: to learn the wisdom of
enlightenment from the knowledge of the two truths. Through
that transcendent wisdom, we have understood the origin and
mission of each tuelinh in human form. In particular, we have
understood the three secrets every tuelinh has been searching
for. We have understood the nature of ourselves and other
souls: we have both poison and goodness within the original yin
and yang embryo. We know all things in the universe: they have
both toxin and compassion within them. We finally understand
the nature of destructive energies: they will penetrate the
tuelinh life form and all things to remove their excess heat
through the vibration of the negative energy particle system.
From the toxicity of each soul and all things, the energy of
destruction has caused countless tuelinhs and all things to
decompose and die. Therefore, we have reincarnated countless
lives practising in the human world to seek an understanding of
those three secrets. Hey, tuelinh, what happiness after a long
journey of numerous lifetimes of practice! We now understand
those secrets. We must be grateful for the sufferings and
tribulations because, through them, we have understood the
toxins of ourselves and all things when living in the four forms
of life in the human world. Now, we live in the intellectual light
of knowledge of the two truths. We understand the toxins and
goodness in the soul through each group of interactive
scenarios in human life. Hey, tuelinh, enjoy this happy moment.
Receive the power of that unique knowledge to help the entire
positive energy particle system have the power of truth and
sustainable development. Dear Tuelinh, please awaken all the
clusters of energy particles in you, which are clusters of energy

Destroying Toxins as Citizens for the Nation

particles made up of the content of interactions in your role as
a citizen in past lives. Awaken all types of positive, negative, and
neutral energy particles. Let the positive energy particle system
be empowered by the knowledge of the two truths so that they
have the power to control and neutralize the toxins in the
harmful energy particles. Let those negative energy particles be
shaken before they are neutralized by knowing the two truths
and the positive energy particles. Those are harmful energy
particles of sin that you have committed against yourself,
everyone, all species and nations. Those are the toxic energy
particles of laziness, theft, cheating, killing, inciting conflicts,
racial and ethnic discrimination, law violations, violence,
hurting peop le, agitation and war. Those are toxins that not
only you have, but they exist in all souls. Hey, tuelinh, don't be
afraid or worried when you see toxic information transmitted
from harmful energy particles. Because we have achieved
enlightenment and under stood the three secrets, we have the
power of wisdom to destroy those toxins. Therefore, forgive
your mistakes in the past to have the strength to force all those
toxins out of you. Next, let's practice together the mechanism of
generating positive energy particles so that you can become
mature and attain the unified Way of the universe. Please rest
assured you always have my companionship, and I am always
willing to dedicate my life to help you complete your mission.
Only success is the reward, deep gratitude and apology to all the
soul friends who have practised with you for countless lifetimes.
They suffered because you couldn't control your toxins, so you
caused them. Hey, tuelinh, be strong to practice squeezing out
all the toxins and activating the max imum goodness in all
forms. We must succeed in helping everyone and all species.

That is the best way to pay tribute to the first tuelinh, because
he always silently guides us on our practising journey in the
human world.
So, you have completed eliminating toxins in the form
of national Tao. A close connection and resonance exist
between the interacting groups in the fo ur forms. Therefore,
when you identify all the toxins for each interacting group in
the four forms, you can easily squeeze them out of the original
yin and yang embryo. Next, don't forget and don't be lazy in
practising kindness to help and save everyone and all l iving
things."
Some students said, "Teacher, I still feel severe
reactions in my body. Images of killing animals appeared in
my mind. There were also images of killing each other by war,
and it passed before my eyes. My body became shaking. I feel
tight, and my head goes blank when I practice squeezing out
toxins." "That's very nice! Because when I merge my mind
with yours, I also feel the emptiness in my mind. I see freedom
and purity within me. Perhaps that is different from your
feelings."