Chapter Thirty

Eliminate Toxins in Love between Men
and Women

After listening to the teacher talk about the content of
today's lesson, which is to recognize and eliminate toxins in
love between men and women, a student immediately asked
the teacher. "Teacher, can same -sex love be called wrong
love? Because I see many countries in the world support
same-sex love. However, there are many countries where
they follow the rules of their religion and prohibit same -sex
love."
The teacher said, "To accurately understand the nature
of all things, events, and phenomena in life and the universe,
you must understand the nature and mechanism of small
energy particles. After finishing the lectures on eliminating
toxins in your souls, I will teach you that knowledge. However,
the issue of same-sex love is one of the toxins in male-female
love, so in this lecture, I will help you understand this issue in
detail.
First, please remember the lecture about the gathering
of humanity by the first tuelinh. You pay attention to the
family model that Nalas Nalanda arranged to build the human

world. Each family has a male husband, a female wife, a son,
and a daughter. He did not put any families with couples of the
same sex. He arranges to help humanity develop through the
natural reproductive mechanism between men and women.
He has encoded the bodies of men and women into different
functions and tasks by using five simple groups of energy
gathered into each tuelinh to form a human being. From then
until now, the missions and tasks in the body of each man and
woman have always followed what he c reated. That is a
matter of rules in building and developing humanity and all
things in the universe.
Next, you need to know why the first tuelinh created
humans with gender differences between male and female
and then became a married couple. That is, the woman can
receive and store the man's sperm in their eggs, and the man
can release the sperm from the m. He created humans with
different genders, while all tuelinhs are genderless for two
reasons. As follows:
- Nalas Nalanda wants to carefully study the nature of
the movement of each type of yin and yang energy embryo of
the tuelinh and all things. Each original yin and yang energy
embryo is formed from a positive energy particle and the
smallest negative parti cle. When two yin and yang energy
particles join together to form a yin and yang embryo, it will
create a new movement mechanism and reveal its nature.
However, because the environment in heaven is too pure and
peaceful, the tuelinhs cannot mature and are easily destroyed
by the energy of destruction. That's why he simulated a
negative energy particle through the symbol of a woman and
a positive energy particle through the symbol of a man. Man

Eliminate Toxins in Love between Men and Women

and woman represent the two smallest energy particles that
form the yin and yang embryo to produce other small energy
particles. Therefore, by simulating the nature of man and
woman, they become a family when they fall in love and get
married. Tuelinhs living in the form of men and women will
reveal their nature when they live in an environment filled
with nothing but suffering in the human world. That is the
value of the love structure between man and woman and the
family that the first tuelinh created.
- The nature of harmful energy particles is to absorb
information values from the outside environment into it.
Meanwhile, the nature of positive energy particles is to
radiate heat and information from within it to the external
environment. When these two smallest particles of yin and
yang energy connect, they will change their nature through
movement. That semi -quality change leads to different
transformation mechanisms, including decay to destruction
and sustainable development. Also, because of the natur e of
the two types of yin and yang energy particles to create all
things and life forms in the universe, the first tuelinh built
humanity according to the characteristics of yin and yang
energy embryos to decode the truth of all things.
You can understand why he created male and female
genders for humans from the above two reasons. It is based
on the characteristics of yin and yang energy particle embryos
to simulate the love between men and women and a couple in
detail. Each yin and yang energy embryo can produce new
particles to grow into larger structures. That is simulated into
couples of different genders to both promote the process of

reproduction and human development and to see the nature
of each tuelinh through the symbol of wife and husband.
You know, two positive energy particles cannot
produce new energy particles when they connect. The same
goes for two harmful energy particles, which cannot create
new energy particles when they join. New energy particles are
only produced from yin and yang energy particle embryos.
Therefore, you need to understand that each couple
symbolises each embryo of yin and yang energy. In the lecture
on married couples, I will further analyse this issue."
Another student asked the teacher, "So, is same -sex
love wrong and a violation, teacher?"
The teacher said, "There is no wrong or right on the
journey of practice in this human world. Same-sex love is the
same, neither wrong nor right. The practice environment
created by the first tuelinh is to help all tuelinhs live and
reveal their entire nat ure. Different toxic and benevolent
values were emitted from their original yin and yang energy
embryos. Depending on the poisonous or good worths in the
victorious yin and yang energy embryo, the nature and
behaviour of each tuelinh are different. If the toxins control
the yin and yang embryo, the soul and the person will be
loaded with more toxic information. As a result, they produce
many harmful energy particles, and the destructive energy
quickly destroys them. That is, they practice the mechanism
of transformation, decay and destruction.
On the contrary, if the positive energy particle has the
power to control the yin and yang embryo. That soul and that
person do not absorb harmful information from the outside
environment. As a result, they produce many positive energy

Eliminate Toxins in Love between Men and Women

particles on the journey of sustainable transmutation. They
will not be disintegrated by destructive energy; instead, they
have the power to absorb destructive energy and detonate it
to produce super energy.
You need to understand that people who have same-sex
love because the harmful energy particles in the original
energy embryo of the ir soul win. Therefore, they have
absorbed a lot of dangerous information in the outside
environment related to same -sex love. Because there is a
combination of internal toxins and toxic information from the
external environment, it causes them to produce ha rmful
energy particles related to same -sex love issues. When the
amounts of poisonous particles are massive enough, it causes
their souls to lose control and be immersed in same-sex love.
It would be best if you did not discriminate against
them. Instead, let them know the true value of the information
so they can understand and gradually force out the toxins in
their souls. Truthful information that has the value of
sustainable transformat ion will help them and all souls
mature through sustainable change.
From the poison in same -sex love, please teach your
children about this truth so that their souls and wisdom are
controlled by positive energy. That is the path of sustainable
development for each person and the tuelinh."
Another student asked the teacher, "Teacher, I know a
few cases where there are girls and boys. When they start
having a lover, they immediately lose control of their thoughts
and behaviour. Some people are afraid and suspect their lover
will betray them, so they don't dare to continue loving. One's
illness worsened, and the hospital concluded he had a mental

illness. That person occasionally sees friends of the opposite
sex and will approach them and commit sexual harassment.
They have no control over their behaviour. Are these
phenomena the toxins of male-female love?
The teacher said, "Those phenomena are toxins from
their negative energy particles related to love between men
and women from past lives. When those negative energy
particles are too abundant in the energy particle structures,
that toxic information will bombard the brain and control the
entire human mind. Because those negative energy particles
were produced in love between men and women in previous
lives; in this life, when they enter into love between men and
women, those negative particles catch informa tion signals
from the brain, then they vibrate and bombard the brain with
toxins." "Teacher, so in each soul, there are always clusters of
energy particles with excess negative particles. Therefore, no
one knows what kind of disease they will develop." The
master replied, "That is why there is a series of lectures to
remove toxins in all interaction scenarios of the four forms of
the Way and the knowledge of the two truths to help everyone
and all souls."
After a few minutes of silence, as the teacher sipped his
cup of tea, he continued his lecture. "Love between a man and
a woman is a pure and noble symbol. In addition, it is also a
symbol of growth and proliferation. Man and woman
represent the smallest particles of yin and yang energy.
Before the two smallest particles of yin and yang energy
join to become a yin and yang embryo, they receive and
transmit information. Positive energy particles send data, and
harmful energy particles receive information. They will link

Eliminate Toxins in Love between Men and Women

together to form a yin and yang embryo when they have
similar data and the same intellectual wave code group.
Before the yin and yang embryos are linked, those yin and
yang energy particles do not have a trial bond or bond and
then separate to bond with other energy particles. They only
connect once to become yin and yang embryos after realizing
the similarity of information and vibrations between them.
That is a standard for identifying the toxins of male -female
love in humans.
The toxins that need to be recognized and eliminated in
love between men and women are:
- Homosexual love between men and men and between
women and women. That is a poison from the original
harmful energy particles inside the soul. This type of poison
is not found in all tuelinhs. Same-sex love results from toxins
inside the yin particle of the yin -yang embryo and toxic
information about same -sex love from the outside. At that
time, this toxin thrives and causes the soul to become out of
control, leading to a very rapid path of decay. Same -sex love
is considered a type of poison in tuelinhs because they must
live in male and female bodies to form a couple with two
precise functions in each person's body. Only when living
according to the n ature of husband and wife created from
male and female the yin and yang embryo of both souls will
have the conditions to suppress poison and activate goodness.
However, living with same -sex love will cause the soul to be
loaded with more toxic information. As a result, they will not
have the opportunity to force out the toxins and activate
goodness. That causes their souls to decompose and perish
quickly.

- Men and women have sex with other people before
marriage. That causes their souls to absorb toxic information
from lust and greed. This process will cause internal toxins to
thrive because of the poisonous information of impure desire.
The consequences of unhealthy relationships before marriage
will cause their souls to produce harmful energy particles due
to greedy and depraved acts of lust. In addition, their bodies
are also at risk of diseases that lead to infertility. The
production of harmful energy particles from relationships
between men and women that are not aimed at building a true
family is why many people have mental illnesses when they
reach the age of love.
- A man or woman who practices a depraved lifestyle
such as prostitution.
- Men and women use each other to satisfy their desires
without the purpose of building true love towards marrying
them.
- Men and women commit adultery with married
people.
- Men insult, trample on dignity, beat, and even kill
women.
- Men or women lead each other to commit suicide
when their love is hindered.
Thus, you will see that the poisons of love between men
and women develop and develop when men and women do
not appreciate each other in love to become a family.
You must know that the poison of love is the most
common poison that causes tuelinhs to produce many

Eliminate Toxins in Love between Men and Women

harmful energy particles and is most disintegrated by
destructive energy.
When you recognize the toxins in love, apply them to
your life to build genuine love and create a family if you are
unmarried. In addition, please teach your children and
grandchildren to understand it to eliminate this toxin and not
let it break out or de velop. This type of poison caused the
souls to lose control and suffer due to the decay of the energy
of destruction. Therefore, people should be aware of this type
of toxin. Build yourself from eyes to words and actions to be
kind, sincere, and responsible in love.
Now, please focus on your inner soul to eliminate the
toxins in love between men and women. Read out loud after
me:
Hey, tuelinh! Do you know? The poison of love has caused
countless souls to disintegrate and destroy. This toxin is easy to
recognize but difficult to remove from every soul and person.
Toxins in love, as well as other toxins and kindness in each soul's
yin and yang embryo, is why you must reincarnate in human
form for many lives in the human world. Because the tuelinh life
form does not understand the three secrets, it does not
understand itself and other tuelinhs, it does not understand all
things in the universe, and it does not understand the energy of
destruction. Because they do not understand, the tuelinhs are
easily penetrated and disintegrated by the energy of
destruction. Even though you live in the most beautiful
paradise, that is the only suffering of souls. Hey, tuelinh, for that
reason, you have vowed to incarnate as a human to practice in
the suffering of the human world with the mission of seeking to
understand the three secrets. I know you have endured

countless sufferings and tribulations in your reincarnation
journey. I appreciate your suffering in all the interaction
scenarios in the four forms, especially in love. However, in this
life, and now, be joyful. Do you know the reason? Because you
and I ha ve unified into the power of one human being with
enlightened wisdom, a devoted body , and an austere soul that
is you. We have gained enlightened wisdom from knowledge of
the two truths. The light of enlightened wisdom helps tuelinhs,
humans, and us unders tand the truth of the three secrets. We
have understood all the toxins and goodness in each of us, all
things, and the energy of destruction. We suffer from the
disconnection caused by destructive energy entering our
negative energy particle system. Dear T uelinh, please
remember all the enlightened wisdom I help you absorb
through my brain. It is super-intelligence to help you eliminate
all toxins and activate the mechanism to produce sustainable
energy particles. Please awaken all clusters of energy particles
related to love between men and women. Awaken all negative,
positive, and neutral energy particles. Let the positive energy
particles gain strength from the wisdom of the two truths. That
power will neutralize toxins and control the vibrations of
harmful energy particles. Hey, tuelinh, don't be afraid or
worried when you see dangerous information in love between
men and women when they are transmitted from harmful
energy particles. Because you have me and enlightened wisdom
to save you, be strong and co nfident to force out all the toxins
related to love between men and women. To squeeze out that
poison and activate kindness in love between men and women,
forgive yourself. Forgive your actions that caused suffering to
your lover in past lives. Those actio ns could exploit passion to

Eliminate Toxins in Love between Men and Women

satisfy lust or some other benefit. Those could be sexual abuses
on people of the opposite sex. Maybe it was love in trampling,
insulting and killing the lover. Perhaps it was the resentment
that you or your lover caused each other. The hatred is caused
by exploitation, betrayal, and killing each other. Hey, tuelinh,
only when you forgive yourself and the people you love if they
have hurt you in past lives will you have the strength to remove
this poison from you. Please be peaceful and happy because I
am with you. I have vowed to dedicate this human life to help
you practice the mechanism of sustainable transformation. Be
strong, and join me in living a life of kindness to help and save
everyone. We will achieve brilliant achievements when we
practice accor ding to the enlightened knowledge of the two
truths. The achievements are profound apologies and thanks to
all the tuelinhs who have accompanied you in your practice
lives in the human world. That is also a deep gratitude to the
first tuelinh, as he always guides us on this path of practice.
Please teach and analyze this toxin for young people,
your children and grandchildren. That not only helps you
squeeze out the love toxins inside your soul but also helps
everyone remove those toxins from their souls. This magical
method eliminates toxins and activates goodness related to
the interaction scenario in love between men and women.
That should be similarly practised in other types of
situations."