Chapter Thirty-One

Destroying Toxins in the Spouse
Relationship

Before the afternoon lecture on Sunday began, the
teacher asked his students, "Do you have any questions about
the toxins in love between men and women in the morning
lesson?" A student asked the teacher, "Teacher, if a person has
undergone gender reassignment surgery from male to female
or female to male when they learn the knowledge of the two
truths and understand the nature of toxins that exist in their
souls and the path of sustainable transmutation. How should
they force out the toxins and practice producing positive
energy particles?"
The teacher replied, "Your question already has an
answer in it. That is practising the path of sustainable
transformation by producing positive energy particles. The
issue of activating and producing positive energy particles for
each interacting group is in another lecture series. However,
through the truth about the three secrets, the tuelinh mission
and the particle production mechanism, you can give yourself
the correct answer. As in the case you asked, transgender
people want to force toxins and pract ice sustainable

transformation after understanding the knowledge of the two
truths. That is not difficult. It's easy because of the principle
of not living a same -sex love life anymore, instead spending
time sharing experiences of same -sex life so that young
people can understand the truth of that issue. Share and help
other young people appreciate the body they were born with
and understand the toxins inside them in same -sex love.
Those are actions to spread enlightened wisdom for young
people to build genuine love betwee n men and women to
form a true family. Those actions are to force poison and
activate goodness in them. This process requires the
elimination of the lust for same -sex love. They must have
exemplary lives to help everyone. Doing so will make their
souls more mature, and their future practising journey will
achieve more achievements."
The teacher continued, "This afternoon, we continue
eliminating toxins in the relationship between husband and
wife. You can share the sufferings and experiences in your
married life to make recognising and eliminating those toxins
easier."
At that time, a woman said, "Teacher, I have been living
in misery with a husband addicted to gambling. We all work
in state agencies. Before we got married, he didn't gamble.
However, a few years later, he began to get addicted to
gambling. Many times, he went out overnight at places where
gambling was organised. The creditor notifies each debt from
that game to our family and parents. I felt disappointed then
because I didn't think my husband was like that. After
repaying her husband's debt, even both parents paid the debt
for him, but he still indulged in gambling. I was disappointed

Destroying Toxins in the Spouse Relationship

and asked him many times to sign the divorce papers, but he
did not agree to the divorce. The pressure of life and raising
children makes me feel miserable when my husband is like
that. Right now, I don't know what to do or why I must marry
such a husband?"
The teacher asked, "When you got married, was it
because of love, or did someone force it?" "We got married
because of love, not because anyone forced us." The teacher
continued asking, "So why do you love him?" "I don't
understand why. I felt moved, and love grew into husband and
wife." The teacher laughed and said, "It is ignorance that
people do not understand the three secrets. From that, they
do not understand the great vow and mission of reincarnating
as a human. As a result, you will not be able to e xplain why
you love and marry that person. Then, when marital conflict
occurs because of dissatisfaction, you complain that you don't
understand why you married them. Continuing is the act of
divorce to end that marital relationship. It's all dominated by
the wisdom of ignorance, also known as the internal poison
that governs and controls people. You can solve and eliminate
this type of poison when you know the two truths. Therefore,
please be happy to learn the knowledge of enlightenment, and
the light of wisdom will help you overcome that tribulation."
Another student told the teacher, "Teacher, I see too
many divorced couples in today's society. They think that it is
freedom and a modern way of life. When they are not
compatible, they can liberate each other. Many people, after
divorce, find happiness w ith someone new, and they think
they made the right decision to divorce to find happiness with
someone new. Is that also a poison in marriage?"

The teacher said, "What you said is toxic in the
relationship between husband and wife. When people do not
have the enlightened wisdom of the two truths and the
smallest particle of energy to illuminate, they will not see the
greatness of the interaction g roup in the husband-and-wife
relationship.
You seem surprised to hear me talk about the greatness
of the husband-and-wife relationship. It is genuinely a great
symbol. It is also the key to understanding the toxic and good
nature of the yin and yang embryo of each tuelinh. So, today,
you continue to learn a significant term. That is, husband and
wife are both a key and an excellent symbo l for each tuelinh
to attain the unifying Tao of the universe on the journey of
understanding the three secrets. Therefore, before helping
you identify all the toxin s in the husband-wife relationship, I
will analyse the great symbol of the connection on the
practising journey in the human world.
The spouse relationship is both the key and a great
symbol to attain the unified Tao of the universe. As follows:
- Each couple represents each original yin and yang
energy embryo within the tuelinh. The negative energy
particle represents the wife, and the positive energy particle
represents the husband. Tuelinhs are sometimes incarnated
as men. Other times, they are incarnated as women during
their practising journey in human lives. They must transform
into men and women in different lives to understand the
toxins and goodness in their original yin and yang embryos.
- Through the role of a wife, the soul can understand its
original yin and yang embryo. That is:

Destroying Toxins in the Spouse Relationship

+ If the wife develops one or all of the toxins in the four
forms of the Tao. That means that the original negative energy
particle of the wife's soul is toxic and has not been eliminated.
Those toxins are closely linked to other interacting groups in
the four forms of the Tao. When the poison in the wife breaks
out, it will cause the wife to control and hinder the
development and practice of the husband's sustainable
transformation mechanism in the four forms of the Way.
+ If the wi ves can control the toxins and activate
goodness in their souls. That means that the positive energy
particles of the wife's soul have the power and control over
the toxins of the harmful energy particles and toxic
information from the outside environment. As a result, they
are faithful wives, an effective supporter, and, together with
their husbands, build a great career in sustainable
transformation.
- Through the husband's role, tuelinhs can understand
the nature of their original yin and yang energy embryo. As
follows:
+ If the wife dominates the husband and loses control
due to the toxins of both, they produce harmful energy
particles. That proves that the toxins in the original harmful
energy particles of the husband's soul are breaking out and
losing control.
+ If the husband can build a happy and faithful family
life, the wife becomes a solid foundation for the husband to
practice the path of sustainable transformation in the four
forms of the Tao. That proves that the husband's soul can
activate the excellent power of the original positive energy

particle and control the toxins of the external environment
and the original negative particle.
- To help tuelinhs through the symbol of the husband-
and-wife relationship to thoroughly understand their yin and
yang embryo, the first tuelinh increases the complexity and
pressure in married life for people. As follows:
+ The interaction group in the husband-and-wife
relationship is closely linked to all interaction groups in other
forms of the Tao. Such a connection will create toxic and good
resonances in each soul's yin and yang energy embryo. That
creates maximum compression and pressure in identifying
and forcing poison, activating kindness. For example, when
the husband has a high position in the national power
apparatus. Everyone considers the husb and to be a person
who works for the people, and everyone loves the husband for
his intelligence and morality. However, the husband could not
control his wife's greed. Knowing this, the wife's relatives
pressured the wife to ask her husband to help them get a high
position in the government. Subordinates also use money to
bribe the wife and ask for promotion to higher ranks. Because
his wife dominated him, the husband developed his poison in
the form of the national Tao and helped untalented people
lead the country.
+ The pressure and compression of the relationship
between husband and wife will increase in each life of
practice. In this life, if the husband and wife live in harmony,
the wife acts as a solid support for the husband so that the
husband can contribute h is wisdom to help everyone in the
interactions of the four forms of the Tao. It successfully forced
poison and activated goodness on a simple level. To help them

Destroying Toxins in the Spouse Relationship

eliminate toxins in the original yin and yang embryo, the
tuelinh council will arrange their next life with more pressure
and compression to see if they are still there. It may be a
scenario to test the couple's fidelity. It could be illness or
hardship. It could be status and wealth. If that pair of souls
does not develop toxins in their marital relationship for many
lifetimes, the tuelinh council will replace other souls to unite
as husband and wife in the human world. The change is to
increase pressure and compression to help the tuelinhs have
adequate conditions and environments to force out all toxins
and activate goodness in all suffering scenarios. For example,
in this life, the husband is paired with a wife containing many
toxins to create an ideal e nvironment to test whether the
husband's soul still has toxins. Because of his past lives, they
built a faithful and happy married life to practice and help
others. However, in this life, having to live with a greedy and
unfaithful wife is a new environmen t to test whether the
husband's soul is still toxic. If the husband divorces, commits
adultery or marries another wife, the husband's toxins have
emerged. On the contrary, the husband forgives his wife to
devote his life to doing good deeds to help others and practice
the path of sustainable transformation. That means the
husband's soul has squeezed out all the toxins in the marital
interaction.
Thus, you can see that the husband-and-wife
relationship is closely linked to comprehending the nature of
wisdom in the yin and yang embryo of each tuelinh. Because
of the importance and greatness of the husband and wife
symbol, the husband-and-wife relationship must increase in
complexity and difficulty in different lifetimes and be

associated with the four forms of the Tao. The purpose is to
squeeze out all the toxins and check whether the toxins are
still in the original yin and yang embryo. That shows you that
the four forms of the Tao are closely tied to the relationship
between h usband and wife on the journey of sustainable
transformation to attain the unified Tao of the universe. It is
the principle of using poison to activate poison. After the
toxins are fully activated, the tuelinhs can know and eliminate
them. Finally, practice sustainable energy particle production
to transform yin and yang energy embryos into energy filters.
Toxins in the marital relationship that you need to
identify and remove from your soul:
- Husband and wife are jealous and suspicious of each
other.
- Husband and wife lie to each other.
- Husband and wife hate and resent each other.
- Spouses commit adultery and live unfaithfully with
each other.
- One of the two people hurts each other by trampling
on dignity, insulting, and cursing at each other.
- One of the two is mentally violent and beats the other.
- Husband and wife do not care, help, or cure each other
when sick.
- The couple divorced. That is the consequence of the
poison having grown strong and the soul losing control.
- Marry more than one spouse. It is the poison of greed
and satisfaction caused by losing control of each person's
original negative energy particle.
- Husband and wife kill each other.

Destroying Toxins in the Spouse Relationship

Those are the toxins in married life for everyone to
know and remove them from their souls and wisdom."
A student interrupted the teacher, "Teacher, I don't
understand why divorce is considered toxic. In many cases,
husband and wife living together are unhappy because of
conflicts or other reasons. But when they divorce, each
person's life is happier when they have a new family."
The teacher replied, "For the perception of human
intelligence, many divorce cases are happy. But they do not
realize the truth of the spouse scenario. As I have explained,
the husband-and-wife relationship is a great symbol of the
practising journey in the human world to understand all three
secrets. Even to help each tuelinh squeeze out all the toxins,
the tuelinh council will increase complexity and maximum
compression in their marital relationship in the next lives.
Therefore, when the husband and wife divorce because of
incompatibility or for some other reason, it is because they
have a huge amount of toxins in their yin and yang embryos
that break out and grow strong. At that time, that toxin
dominates and controls the soul, leading to the breakdown of
family happiness. Therefore, divorce is a failure to control the
toxins inside each soul. Instead of divorce, both husband and
wife should understand each other and help each other
understand the truth, then eliminate each other's toxins with
respect and love for each other. When a husband and wife
break down in their marriage, they suffer from information
disorder between the two souls in the marital scenario. In
their next life, they continued to become husband and wife to
understand and eliminate that toxin together. They will even
be husband and wife for many lifetimes to understand each

other and squeeze out all the toxins released in their
relationship. Toxins that are not forced out early will cause
them to accumulate and become dangerous. Then they will be
immersed in a more miserable scenario in their married life."
"Teacher, I now un derstand the nature of that problem," the
student replied.
The teacher continued to preach, "Now, please focus on
the soul inside your body to force out the toxins in the
relationship between husband and wife. Read out loud after
me:
Hey, tuelinh! You have finally achieved outstanding
achievements in your practising journey in the human world. I
congratulate you because you have discovered the truth of the
three secrets. That is a worthy achievement after a trip of
practice in sufferin g with tuelinhs who have vowed to
transform into humans for many lifetimes. Now we have
understood the truth about ourselves and other tuelinhs: we
have poisonous and good. These toxins cause us to produce
harmful energy particles, and we are disintegrated by
destructive energy when they pick up the signal from the
vibration of harmful particles. We have understood the nature
of all things and the energy of destruction. Hey, tuelinh, please
be robust to continue to force out the toxins in your marital
relationship that have caused you to lose control in many
lifetimes. Those are the toxins of jealousy and suspicion. It is the
poison of the hurt you have generated for your wife or husband.
These are insults, trampling, beating or killing each other. Or it
is a breakdown in marriage or infidelity in married life. Dear
tuelinh, please awaken the clusters of energy particles in your
marital life relationship. Awaken the positive energy particles

Destroying Toxins in the Spouse Relationship

of spouse love so they can receive more strength from the
enlightened knowledge of the two truths. In particular, please
awaken harmful energy particles produced by toxins in married
life. Awaken them to shake one last time before they are
neutralized by the power of enlightened knowledge of the two
truths and the power of the positive energy particle system. Hey,
tuelinh, don't be afraid or worried when you see those toxins
from your harmful particles. Because those toxins exist in all
tuelinhs, you should observe them again to turn them into
valuable lessons. That is the lesson of not letting those toxins
appear and grow in you. You should be happy and excited
because we have the union between body, wisdom and soul to
receive the transcendent wisdom of enl ightenment from the
two truths. Turn them to your advantage and strength to
squeeze out all the toxins in your married life in past lives. In
particular, transform them into power to practice a virtuous
life with your current wife or husband in this life. Don't let those
toxins appear; instead, help each other understand the value of
married life. From there, build a happy family. In addition, we
must help everyone understand the importance of married life
so that everyone can eliminate toxins and enable married life to
become happy. That is the path of sustainable reincarnation in
the interaction group of married life. Dear Tuelinh, please
become strong to help me suppress all other poisons and
continue to practice producing sustainable energy particles in
all four forms of the Tao. That is the most profound apology to
those with you as husband and wife in past lives. Forgive
yourself to help you become strong and take action to spread
enlightened wisdom to everyone. The achievements on your
practising path in the human world will be gratitude to the first

tuelinh and the tuelinh friends accompanying you on your
practising journey in the human world.
It would be best if you remembered that to force out all
the toxins in your married life, you must practice it in your
own married life. You should help each other understand the
truth and value of interactive scenarios in married life. Your
sincerity and actions that show love will help you resolve the
suffering and conflicts in your married life in the present life.
Please release all the toxins and build a happy love with your
husband and wife. Remember to spread enlightened wisdom
in interactive scenarios for married life to everyone. It is the
most unique method to produce positive energy particles of
love between husband and wife, and it is also the power to
force out all the toxins in your soul.
You need to know that the soul looks together to live.
That means, even though you don't say what you think, the
soul of your wife or husband understands what you think and
responds accordingly. Therefore, you must be the first to
change yourself, that is, to force out the toxins and activate
your kindness first. Those changes will cause your spouse's
soul to change as well. And remember, all suffering in married
life and the scenarios in the four forms of the Tao are to help
you identify toxins. The next is to force out toxins and activate
goodness by producing sustainable energy particles."