Chapter Thirty-Two

Eliminating Toxins in the Relationship
Between Parents and Children

"Parents have the right to decide on their children's
education, career, future, and life. Do you think so?" Questions
that the teacher has for the students in the classroom. A
student immediately replied, "From your lectures, I think
parents have no right to decide on their children's education,
career, future, and lives. Because each person has an
independent soul inside, everyone is equal. They wish to live
in a family to help each other create the best environment for
eliminating toxins and activating kindness. Therefore, they
must help each other but do not have the right to decide each
other's problems."
The teacher continued, "Equality because each person
has a soul inside. Your saying is excellent. So, does anyone see
any inequalities in the relationship between parents and
children? Observe your own family and the families around
you. Please try to find the toxins in the inequality in the
relationship between parents and children."
A student said, "A few months ago, next to the area
where I live. A child living in an apartment jumped to the

ground to commit suicide. Before that child committed
suicide, he wrote a suicide note. In that letter, the child talked
about the suffering of being forced by her parents to study to
become a good student. That child was forced to study until
late at night. Pressure from parents' words and actions causes
the child to be hurt and lose control of thoughts and actions.
In the letter, he wrote that he felt sorry for his younger
brother because his parents would continue to pressure him
to study. I see it as a kind of poison from parents to their
children."
"Young people have sex before marriage and get
pregnant. They fear for their future, so they have an abortion.
There are couples who, because of difficult economic
conditions, have an abortion when they discover that the wife
is pregnant. In addition, there are many cases of abortion for
many different reasons. I think it's a type of toxin from the act
of murder. That is also an inequality, teacher." Another
student said.
One student said, "Teacher, parents not taking care of
their children to go to school to develop their intelligence is
also poisonous. They give birth to children without creating a
good environment to help their children cultivate their
intelligence and have a better future. Instead, they complain
that they do not have the economic conditions to give their
children a full education. Therefore, children have to drop out
of school to work to earn money while they are of school age.
I think that such parents are terrible. They should not intend
to have them if they feel they cannot care for their children to
have a good education."

Eliminating Toxins in the Relationship Between Parents and Children

"I once witnessed a family with many children. They are
a wealthy family, but their parents discriminate between their
children. That is clearly shown through their preferential
division of land and property. The children they love receive
more assets. Because of such discrimination by their parents,
children who receive little property hate their parents.
Therefore, they do not care about their parents. Even when
their parents get sick and die, they don't care or see them. I
see th ose toxins are present in both parents and children."
Another student confided.
After hearing everyone's sharing, the teacher said, "The
things you share are toxic in the relationship between parents
and children. The outbreak and development of toxins have
caused everyone in the parent -child relationship to live in
physical and mental agony. The sufferings of this interacting
group are valuable scenarios to help each soul understand its
nature.
Do you know what the relationship between parents
and children symbolises? As in the previous lesson, you know
that love between men and women symbolises pure love
between the smallest particles of yin and yang energy. The
husband-and-wife relationship is a symbol of the yin and yang
energy embryo and the most significant symbol of the
practising path to attain the unified Tao of the universe. So,
what is the symbol of the relationship between parents and
children?" Seeing that the students were confused and had no
answer, the teacher continued teaching. "Parents and
children are symbols between the smallest energy particles
born and the yin and yang energy embryo that gives birth to
them.

Parents are symbolised by yin and yang embryos, and
children are symbols of the smallest energy particles born
from yin and yang embryos. Through the symbolism of the
relationship between parent and child, each tuelinh will see
specific natures of their own. As follows:
- Through their children, parents understand
themselves:
+ When children are cared for with all their parents'
love, they grow up and become good people who know how
to help and save others. That shows that parents have the
wisdom to teach their children to understand and create the
best environment to help them grow up and become good
people. In addition, when children become good people
through their parents' love and teachings, parents realise the
excellent values they have created for their children. That
shows that children are a mirror for parents to reflec t on
themselves the wisdom and actions they have taught their
children.
+ When children do not get enough education, they love
to play and become bad people. These children grow up in a
toxic environment, absorbing negative information to create
negative actions towards everyone and all species. That
shows that their parents do not create a suitable environment
for them to study and cannot teach them to become good
people. Because children are a reflection of their parents,
when children become corrupt and do many evil things to
everyone and all species, parents will see the to xins in
themselves. It is toxic in the relationship between parents and
children.
- Through parents, children understand themselves:

Eliminating Toxins in the Relationship Between Parents and Children

+ When children see their parents sacrificing
everything to give them love, care, and upbringing, they grow
up and become good people. The good values their parents
have given them are recognised and understood by them.
Consequently, they learn good worths from their parents to
apply. They continue to become good parents who love and
care for their children as their parents care for them. In
addition, they are also kind people in repaying and giving
good things to their parents. It can be seen that through the
excellent example of their parents, the children understand
the value of goodness in themselves and eliminate toxic
values when they appear.
+ When parents do not love and care for their children
or are even cruel to them, children will notice those toxins in
their parents. Some children will absorb that toxin and
activate their poison. As a result, children become people
whose behaviour hurts everyone. They even hurt their
parents. Because the dirty mirror is the parents, they turn the
child into an out-of-control person due to the toxins in them.
On the contrary, some children gain power from the souls
within them to recognize their parents' t oxins. Therefore,
they learn their parents' toxic lessons without practising the
same behaviours as their parents. Instead, they practice
virtuous actions because suffering helps them attain
enlightenment.
So, you have seen that the relationship between parents
and children is as meaningful as the relationship between the
original yin and yang energy embryo and the smallest energy
particles produced. Everyone through each other to
understand themselves and e ach other. Therefore, from the

relationship between parents and children, all tuelinhs and
humans will be aware of their toxins.
Toxins to recognize and eliminate as a parent:
- Parents abort the fetus. That is the toxin of murder
when parents decide to take the life of a life about to be born.
It is a sin of murder, and it cannot be excused for any reason.
Even though someone argued that they had to abort the fetus
because their lover refused to marry them. Even if someone
makes excuses that they don't have enough economic or
medical conditions to raise them when they are born, the
reason is unacceptable because these actions are an escape
from suffering during the practising jo urney due to the
outbreak of toxins. These actions cause their souls to produce
more negative energy particles and decompose more and
more.
- Parents throw away or do not raise their children
when they are born. Although this toxin is not as potent as the
toxin of abortion, its toxicity is still extreme. That causes their
souls to produce solid harmful energy particles to cause their
souls to decay faster.
- Parents do not let their children study, instead forcing
them to work to earn a living when they are of school age.
There is no reason to justify this behaviour. Even in different
social stages, educating children can be done in many ways.
Educate them a t school or from someone. Studying is to
cultivate intelligence and become a good person. Learning is
not just to become rich or have a position in society.
- Parents do not love, care, and take care of their
children. That means not creating love and happiness for your
children.

Eliminating Toxins in the Relationship Between Parents and Children

- Parents pressure, discriminate, insult and beat their
children.
- Parents abandon their children when they are sick.
Even if the reason is not having money to cure their children,
it is also the poison of parents towards their children.
- Parents kill their children. That is the same toxin as
the toxin of abortion.
Toxins to recognize and eliminate as children:
- Children are engrossed in playing without listening to
their parents to study hard.
- Children practice a lifestyle of play, gambling,
addiction to stimulants, theft, robbery, and harm to everyone
and all species.
- Children practice acts of fornication, paedophilia, rape
with members of the opposite sex, and practice same-sex love
life. These behaviours cause parents to suffer.
- Children compete for property or land from their
parents.
- Children leave their parents to live in illness without
treatment.
- Children insult, curse, beat, and kill their parents.
- Children become people who practice a life that does
not bring good values to everyone. The giant poison children
have for their parents is causing harm to everyone and all
species, specifically launching wars to invade other countries,
leaving people immersed in fighting and killing. Or spread the
wisdom of ignorance to everyone and humanity.
When you understand the value of the relationship
between parents and children, understand the toxins in the

role of parent and child; please practice changing your
thoughts and actions to eliminate toxins and activate
kindness within you. The transcendent knowledge of the two
truths helps you practice that; therefore, understanding and
practising the wisdom of t he two truths is the only path to
assist your soul in growing and attaining enlightenment.
Now, focus your thoughts on your inner soul to
eliminate the toxins in the parent -child relationship in past
lives. Read out loud after me:
Hey, tuelinh! Let go of your painful memories of parent -
child relationships in past lives. I know you are sinking into
those painful memories when I am attentively reading and
listening to the enlightening knowledge of the two truths about
toxins in parents and children. I can feel your emotions because
you are within me, and we have united wisdom, body, and soul.
Dear Tuelinh, please be strong; don't be miserable and sad
anymore. I need your strength so that I have the power to help
you release all the suf fering and toxins within you. I can't help
you if your negative emotions dominate and control my body
and brain. I understand you have had to endure countless
lifetimes of practice in suffering and tribulation. Sufferings that
neither you nor everyone else understands the reason for.
Because you do not understand the reason, you and the tuelinhs
have made a great vow to incarnate as humans to search for
the truth of all the secrets during many lifetimes of practice in
the human world. Hey, tuelinh, remember the heroic memory
when you and the other tuelinhs made a vow to transform into
humans. Those are the will, energy and determination to live in
suffering and tribulation in human form. However, because the
toxins in all interactive scenarios erupt and control your mind,

Eliminating Toxins in the Relationship Between Parents and Children

you have practised the mechanism of producing harmful energy
particles. That causes you to be more strongly disintegrated by
the destructive energy. As a result, you are immersed in the
suffering caused by the toxins of excess harmful energy particles
without being able to escape. Hey, tuelinh, please cry to let go
of the pain of the past; cry to live in joy and bursting happiness.
That is happiness because we have gained enlightened wisdom
from knowing the two truths and the smallest energy particle.
From this special enlightened knowledge, we have understood
the three secrets all souls have been searching for. We have
understood the nature of ourselves and other tuelinhs, the
nature of all things in the universe, and the nature of
destructive energy. Since then, we have been enlightened on
how to practice producing sustainable energy particles. That is
the only way to force out all toxins and maximize goodness to
become an enlightened being. We must thank all the interactive
scenarios in the human world's f our forms of the Tao. It
contains all the interaction scenarios in the relationship
between parents and children. From the four Tao forms, we will
attain the unified Tao of the universe when we squeeze out all
the toxins and practice the mechanism of produ cing positive
energy particles well. Hey, tuelinh, outstanding achievements
are waiting for us ahead. We're almost at our destination.
Therefore, be strong and give me the power from positive
energy particles of immense love in solidarity to spread
enlightened wisdom to everyone. I need your strength and
knowledge to help you squeeze out toxins and practice the
maximum production of positive energy particles. Hey, tuelinh,
please awaken all the energy particles related to the
information content in the rela tionship between parents and

children. Let the positive energy particles gain strength from
the enlightened wisdom of the two truths. Let the harmful
energy particles be shaken one last time before the power of
your enlightened knowledge and positive energy eliminates
their toxins. Pl ease don't be worried or scared when you see
toxic information about the relationship between parents and
children transmitted from harmful energy particles. That
poison is present in all tuelinhs. Therefore, please take it as a
lesson to force out all the toxins and maximize the kindness
within you. Achievements are profound thanks to everyone in
the past, and gratitude to the first tuelinh as he always guides
us through all suffering and tribulations on our practising
journey. Let's be determined, and we will achieve great success
ahead. We can do it.
You listened and studied from everyone's sharing; next
came an analysis of the value of interactive groups, then
identification to eliminate toxins. It is the process of loading
valuable information for sustainable development to help the
original yin and yang energy embryo of the soul re-encode the
data. Re -encoding information is eliminating toxins and
creating a mechanism to activate goodness in you. Reading
aloud to eliminate toxins is the method of awakening the
power in your soul. Therefore, reading and listening carefully
to every smallest unit in knowing the two truths can help your
soul thoroughly understand the truth of everything inside and
outside the universe. That allows the yin and yang embryos in
your soul to eliminate toxins and re -encode information for
sustainable development. Finally, practising the mechanism
of sustainable transmutation will become easy."