Chapter Thirty-Three

Destroying the Toxins in Sibling
Relationships

"There continues to be another symbol. It is a symbol of
the relationship of siblings. Can you guess what it is?" the
teacher asked the student. A student replied, "Teacher, is that
a symbol for the yin and yang energy embryos?" Another
friend said, "Is it between tuelinhs and each other?"
The teacher replied, "It is neither between tuelinhs nor
yin and yang energy embryos. These are synthetic energy
particles linked together in the structure of tuelinh. Thus, the
symbol of the sibling relationship in a family symbolizes the
connection betwe en the aggregate energy particles in the
system of the tuelinh.
Please remember the image of a mature yin and yang
energy embryo with a structure of synthetic energy particles
on the outside. Synthetic positive energy particles bond
together through synthetic neutral particles. One or more
synthetic harmful energy part icles rotate around each
composite positive energy particle.

You try to remember all three types of synthetic energy
particles with the following task:
- Neutral energy particles are a transmission line for
information to move between clusters of positive energy
particles.
- Positive energy particles have two tasks: ensuring
information's reliability, accuracy, and sustainable
development value as data moves through it. Next, it creates
a thrust to transmit moving information to another cluster of
positive energy particles when information moves to it.
- Negative energy particles have the task of vibrating to
create information signals for information value to move to
their cluster of positive and negative energy particles.
From the three types of energy particles above,
information from the original yin and yang embryo will
circulate through all clusters of yang energy particles in the
tuelinh. The movement of information throughout the
particle structure of the tuelinh will help the tuelinh produce
warmth. Warm heat will help the soul develop its intelligence
and speed of movement and transform destructive energy.
That is, the warm heat generated from the soul will have the
power to detonate the energy of destruction. That h elps the
soul prevent being decomposed by the destructive energies.
That is complex knowledge, and I will analyze it for you in the
following lectures. For now, try to understand the basics of
the three types of synthetic energy particles and the effects of
information from the yin and yang embryo circulating
through all clusters of yin and yang energy particles. If data
cannot run to generate heat, the tuelinh can easily be
disintegrated by destructive energy. Information cannot

Destroying the Toxins in Sibling Relationships

move because many harmful particles are orbiting one
positive energy particle in each cluster of negative and
positive energy particles. At those points, destructive energy
has penetrated and broken the transmission line of neutral
particles. Therefore, in formation is trapped and cannot be
moved. When data cannot move, toxins from harmful energy
particles will bombard and spread to the brain when the
tuelinh is incarnated in human form. That leads mentally ill
people to have hallucinations, depression, anxi ety disorders,
and schizophrenia. Those phenomena are easily seen.
However, when the soul has not yet released its strong poison,
people can only observe and recognize humans' ignorant
wisdom and minds. That ignorance is due to the inability of
information to circulate in the structure of the soul.
So, how do the synthetic yin and yang energy particles
symbolize the relationship between siblings in a family? That
is:
- Positive energy particles symbolize siblings in the
family:
+ Is a kind and intellectual person who understands the
truth.
+ Is a person who always has the power to spread
informational values for sustainable development to
everyone and everything.
+ Someone who can give away their values to help and
save everyone.
+ A person who does not compete for wealth, land,
money, and position from his brothers.

+ Is someone who does not let their siblings control and
dominate them in performing their functions and tasks,
ensuring the heat spreads valuable information for
sustainable development to everyone. That means that a
person does not harm the sustainable development values of
data for the sake of their brothers when they are responsible
for transmitting it. The obstructive brothers represent the
harmful energy particles of the ignorant mind because the
dominant toxin makes them greedy and absorbs everything
about them.
- Negative energy particles symbolize siblings in the
family:
+ Is a person who is eager to learn and receive
information from outside if the toxins have not yet broken
out.
+ Is someone who knows how to listen if the toxins have
not yet broken out.
+ Is selfish and only wants benefits for himself when
toxins break out.
+ Is the person who absorbs toxic information from the
outside environment when toxins break out and thrive.
+ Being jealous, greedy, competitive, and losing with
your brothers when toxins are potent.
+ Someone who hinders and destroys the transmission
of valuable information for the sustainable development of
brothers and sisters. This toxin thrives in harmful energy
particles.
In a family, there are brothers and sisters. Depending
on each person's wisdom and behaviour, they act as negative

Destroying the Toxins in Sibling Relationships

or positive energy particles. There is no one fixed role as a
negative energy particle or a positive energy particle. To
recognize which of you plays the role of yin or yang, through
the level of toxins in the yin and kindness in the yang,
everyone will see what information values they are operating
with. When receiving information, it is a symbol of a negative
particle. When the information received is controlled and has
sustainable development value, it is a positive particle. When
data is spread to every one with value for sustainable
development, it is a positive particle with the power of
positive heat. When information is disordered and hindered
from being transmitted to everyone, it is a negative particle
emitting a potent toxin."
A student interrupted the teacher, "Teacher, I don't
understand why a person with the role of a positive energy
particle to transmit valuable information cannot let the
siblings control. Could you please explain and give us an
example so we can understand?"
The teacher answered, "The value of information for
sustainable development completely differs from values such
as money, property and land. Those assets are not
informational values of sustainable development. Valuable
information is enlightened knowledge , methods to help
humanity, or tuelinhs and the universe develop sustainably.
The symbol of two synthetic yin and yang energy particles
helps people understand the value of a person with
enlightened wisdom and ignorant wisdom when they are
brothers and sisters in one family. This interaction group was
built by the first tuelinh to help the tuelinhs recognize and
eliminate toxins and then to activate maximum kindness to

help everyone do the same. The tuelinhs are arranged to
practice in a family to create reactions from simple to
extremely complex levels. Simple is family wealth, complex is
status, and super complex is information value or wisdom. As
the tuelinhs live in each scenario, they must force out toxins
and activate goodness to its maximum extent. Let me give you
an example from the history of Buddhism: when Prince
Siddhartha became a Buddha, he went to spread his
enlightenment in many countries. Before he went on a multi-
year quest for enlightenment, he was a crown prince and
future king. However, he did not care about the throne;
instead, he left it to his cousins. While spreading his religion,
his family members, even his wife and children, followed him
to practice the path of enlightenment. However, among those
brothers was one person, Devadatta, who was good at
supernatural powers but was jealous and often attempted to
kill the Buddha. The attempt to kill the Buddha was because
that person asked the Buddha to cede the leadership position
of the Buddha's Sangha to him. That is not allowed because
Buddha has to teach knowledge to his students. Because he
was not accepted, Devadatta attempted to kill the Buddha
many times but failed. Buddha's life shows that he gave up his
throne and fortune to find the path of enlightenment and then
spread it. He was a great man who sacrificed everything to
spread enlightened wisdom to humanity. However, Buddha
could not give up the leadership position of his Sangha to his
brother when he did not have enlightened wisdom in addition
to supernatural abilities. Buddha understood that if he gave
up his leadership position to that brother, his enlightened
knowledge would be destroyed at that moment. Many people

Destroying the Toxins in Sibling Relationships

will be caught up in learning magical powers instead of
enlightened knowledge. That will cause great disaster for
those who practice in the Sangha at that time and in the
future. Those are the answers and examples from human
history to help you understand the problem you are
wondering about."
That student answered the teacher, "Teacher, for a long
time, I only thought that brothers in the family only fought for
wealth, land and the throne. I didn't expect there to be an
intellectual rivalry as well. If I do not understand the history
of the wor ld, my intelligence will be minimal. Thank you for
analyzing it for me and everyone to understand."
The teacher said, "Receiving and transmitting
information value is the nature of the synthetic yin and yang
energy particles in the soul structure. Through the practice
environment in the human world, the first tuelinh created a
full set of scenarios, and each scenario will help him analyze
different values in tuelinh and all things in the universe. The
four forms of the Tao helped him analyze and decipher all the
truths about the nature, laws, and mechanisms of movement
from the smallest energy particles to yin and yang embryos,
synthetic particles, and life forms, such as soul, people, all
things, and phenomena in and outside the universe . That is
also something for everyone to understand why the four
forms of the Tao make people always suffer when interacting
with them. Because only through suffering can each soul and
the first tuelinh understand everything. Understanding
everything is enlightenment. When enlightened, we will find
a sustainable transformation mechanism for the tuelinh life
form and all life in the universe."

After he enjoyed a cup of hot tea, he continued to
lecture, "When you study the history of countries and the
living environment around you, you will see the toxins in
relationships with siblings in a family. Those toxins are all
toxic information stored in the root negative energy particle
of the yin and yang embryo and the negative energy particle
system of each tuelinh. It will develop and be recognized
through sufferings and tribulations in their interactive
scenarios. To achieve an accurate understandin g, you must
understand the values and symbols of the interaction group
in the sibling relationship in the family.
Toxins that need to be recognized and eliminated in
sibling relationships include:
- Siblings are jealous and compete with each other in
life.
- Siblings insult and trample on each other's dignity.
- Siblings compete for land, money, and property from
their parents or each other.
- Siblings beat and kill each other because of conflict.
- Siblings kill each other to usurp positions in life, such
as business leaders, corporations, or kings.
- Brothers and sisters hinder, sabotage, and kill each
other on the journey to practice the mechanism of sustainable
transformation. That sabotages the path to spread
enlightened wisdom to everyone and humanity.
There are few toxic manifestations of the sibling
relationship, but their toxicity is extreme. Because this
relationship symbolizes the structure of the synthetic yin and
yang energy particles in the tuelinh, the toxin's severity, when

Destroying the Toxins in Sibling Relationships

released, is extremely dangerous. You can see in the history of
many countries many people killed their brothers to gain the
throne. Many people kill each other just because they
compete for a small piece of land or property from their
parents. In particular, the outbreak of toxins is so strong that
it competes for knowledge like the story of Buddha.
Therefore, you should be careful when these toxins break out
in sibling relationships. Apply the wisdom of the two truths
with the understanding of the three secrets to let go of money,
land or property, and gain or loss. That's how to eliminate
toxins and prevent them from appearing in you. However, you
must protect and fulfil your mission if you have enlightened
wisdom and spread it to everyone and humanity. Y ou have
unleashed the most dangerous poison if you give up your
duties just because of your siblings' influence. You cause
countless people, from generation to generation, to live in
intellectual ignorance. That leads to the destruction of the
tuelinhs whe n they do not have enough time to change to
become more sustainable.
Now, focus on your souls to remove the toxins in your
sibling relationship. Read out loud after me:
Hey, tuelinh! Right now, I don't know how to awaken
your strength anymore because the sufferings are too much in
each group of interactions in the four forms of the Tao. We have
received enlightened wisdom together over the past time. We
understand everything we have learned and are learning from
the two truths. In particular, there are many toxins we identify
and eliminate in you. Should I continue to encourage you now,
or should you inspire me? Would you happen to know why?
Because I feel you and I are en tirely united intellectually and

emotionally. I feel and understand your intellect and mood.
Therefore, I also feel miserable and in the same mood as you
when we learn to recognize and eliminate each group of toxins
in life. That is not easy for me as my brief experience of one
human life with the brain cannot be compared to the
experiences of many lifetimes of your practice. I have suffered
and been saddened by feeling the toxins in your interactions in
the four forms of the Way for many lifetimes. Those toxins make
me unable to adapt to what already exists in my body, which is
you. Hey, tuelinh, I have no intention of blaming you. On the
contrary, I have a responsibility to help you understand the
wisdom of enlightenment and rely on it to squeeze out all the
toxins and then activate goodness. If I do not help you, you will
not be able to reform yourself in this life, and I also understand
that if you leave your body, I will no longer have a life. We are a
complete union of intellect, body and soul. So instead of just me
helping you, you mu st help me too. Please transmit to me the
power of your positive energy particle system. Please awaken
all the positive energy particles in you to help us have the power
of will and determination. In addition, please awaken harmful
energy particles containing information related to your sibling
relationship. Awaken them so that the enlightened wisdom I
have learned and the positive energy particle system within you
can eliminate those toxins. Let them shake one last time before
the incredible power of enlig htened understanding takes
control and re -encodes them. Dear Tuelinh, please be happy
because I am always with you. I have vowed to dedicate this
human life to helping you practice sustainable energy
production. Please receive all the information in the le sson on
eliminating toxins in sibling relationships. When your original

Destroying the Toxins in Sibling Relationships

yin and yang embryo re -encodes valuable information for
sustainable development, toxins will be eliminated, and
negative energy particles will be controlled. Next, we will have
the power to produce positive energy particles when we
practice spreading enlig htened wisdom to everyone. It is a
profound gratitude to all tuelinhs and the first tuelinh. Success
is waiting for us ahead. Dear Tuelinh, now we will read and
listen to this lecture again. Therefore, you should receive each
unit of information in your yin and yang energy embryo. If you
haven't fully comprehended it, let me know your feelings. I will
read and listen to it to help you fully encode the information.
We can do that.
Removing toxins in the soul is difficult after hearing and
learning knowledge once. You need to read or listen many
times to understand each unit of information. You will see a
different comprehension of enlightened knowledge after each
reading. Therefore, reading to re -encode information in the
original yin and yang energy embryo. As a result, the tuelinh
will be empowered by the warmth generated from the
amount of data that has the value of sustainable development
to practice the mechanism of generating p ositive energy
particles in all interaction scenarios of the four forms of the
Tao."