Chapter Thirty-Four

Eliminating Toxins in the Relationship
Between Employer and Employee

While the teacher was sitting and drinking tea, a
student asked him a question before the lecture started.
"Teacher, I see there is a huge difference between your
courses. In previous courses, your lectures contained simple
arguments and did not analyze the information in energy
particles. However, this body, wisdom, and mind healing
course contains much information within the energy particle.
In addition, the teacher analyzed very carefully the toxins and
causes of producing negative energy particles that every
human and tuelinh has been doing. That is the cause of all
kinds of diseases for the wisdom, soul, and body. Everyone
realizes the power and reactions of the soul within the body
when listening to the lectures of this course. It was much
stronger than the previous courses because I had taken the
previous course but didn't feel as responsive and strong as
this one. Teacher, let me ask: Does knowledge's power differ
between courses? Strong reactions will help learners recover
faster, right?"

The teacher replied, "It is true that intellectual values
between courses differ. In previous classes, I only used simple
reasoning to analyze problems. However, those theories
cannot fully decipher the nature and truth of tuelinh, events,
phenomena, and all things in the universe. Therefore, learners
will easily misunderstand or reason incorrectly according to
each person's understanding. In addition, in previous courses,
because complete information was not provided, learners did
not feel the strength and strong reaction in the soul.
Therefore, even though those arguments are correct, it has
little power to help people thoroughly understand all the
secrets of everything, tuelinhs, and people.
Because of the limitations of theories without reference
and standards to help students understand accurately, I had
to build special enlightened knowledge that combines the
wisdom of two truths and knowledge of the smallest energy
particle. However, to pr ove the truth about the smallest
energy particles, no one no scientist has discovered them. It
was a complex problem for me to convert into lectures when
no machine in the world could capture or measure this type
of particle. Therefore, during a year when everyone had to
take a break due to the pandemic, I researched and
transformed the knowledge of energy particles into lectures
for this course. In this course, I analyze all the truths, nature,
and mechanisms of action from the smallest particle of energy
to all life forms in and beyond the universe. In particular, the
value of each energy particle is the information encoded
inside. Understanding the nature and secrets of the
information encoded inside energy particles is the most
magical power to help learners achieve enlightened wisdom.

Eliminating Toxins in the Relationship Between Employer and Employee

Patients will recover quickly, even if they have had
schizophrenia for many years or those with incurable
diseases.
In addition, the information encoded in energy
particles is massive knowledge and contains super -power.
Therefore, when the learner receives data, they will feel great
power, and the patients will have powerful reactions in the
soul and brain. That is due to the information gap inside each
soul and the enormous amount of information in each lecture.
People whose souls have little knowledge and many toxins
will react strongly when listening to and studying lessons.
People with a lot of information in their souls and a few toxins
do not respond to their souls but feel the power of knowledge
from those lectures.
I had to think for many years to transform special
enlightened knowledge into knowledge that combines the
two truths with the smallest particle of energy. These are
easy-to-understand lectures to help learners accurately
understand the truth of tuelinh, pe ople, and all things. When
everyone has an accurate standard of the smallest energy
particle, you will accurately and effectively practice the
mechanism of sustainable energy particle production.
Understanding and practising correctly is the most effective
method of growing enlightened wisdom and the most
miraculous way of healing mental and physical illnesses."
Another student said, "Teacher, we need to
congratulate patients when they react strongly during the
learning and therapy. Because that eliminates toxins and
heals their diseases most effectively, is that right, teacher?"
The teacher smiled and replied. " The congratulations to the

patient, who is eliminating toxins to recover quickly from the
disease, is also a good thing to do. However, it is necessary to
encourage patients and their relatives to persevere in helping
patients overcome difficult times when they lose control of
their behaviour and thoughts."
After answering his students' questions, the teacher
continued enjoying his hot tea. A few minutes later, the
teacher started a new lecture. "In today's lesson, we will
explore toxins in the relationship between employers and
employees. That is a group of interactive scenarios in the form
of social Tao.
It would help if you remembered that the form of the
social Tao allows each tuelinh to eliminate toxins and build
sustainable development structures for the universe.
Enlightened wisdom and research bring sustainable
development to all life forms in and ou tside the universe.
Therefore, each group interacting in the social Tao has
immense value and power.
First, we need to understand the value in the
relationship between employer and employee brings to
tuelinh:
- Through the role of an employee, each tuelinh will
learn the process of creating values that the employer makes.
The tuelinhs gradually learn how to build relationships to
create values. When the values that souls have learned reach
sufficient quantity and quality, they can become employers to
develop new worths.
- Through their role as an employer, each tuelinh will
practice the values they have accumulated to create new
worths. In addition, each tuelinh will learn how to build,

Eliminating Toxins in the Relationship Between Employer and Employee

organize, and connect tuelinhs to promote sustainable
development for the tuelinh life form and all things in the
universe.
You need to understand that, for each tuelinh to
become an employer when incarnating as a human, they must
go through many lives to accumulate value as a worker. If they
do not collect enough informational value through their role
as employees, they will n ot be able to practice their role as
employers.
Social practice shows that the division of labour, or
class division, results from accumulating values in each soul
when they reincarnate in humans. That indicates that it is not
natural for people to be born into a low class of society, and it
is not natural to be born into a high class. It's also not natural
that there are talented people and not -so-talented people.
Many people possess many values in life, and many have no
or few values. That is the process of producing energy
particles in past lives to form the characteristics of social life.
We can also call it the result of making causal energy particles.
The causal energy particle is the smallest. Positive energy
particles are good karma, and harmful energy particles are
negative karma. Based on the cause and effect of each tuelinh
during practising in the human world, they will have to be
born in different roles in each human life. This process of
difference only occurs after the first few lifetimes of the
practice of each tuelinh in the human world. T he first
incarnations are initially receiving information and then
reacting to the data to create different energy particles. It is
the beginning of the differentiation process of cause and effect
in the next lives."

A student asked the teacher, "Teacher, so someone is a
king or a leader of a country, someone is rich, a boss, and
someone is poor; it is all their karma. Is that right, teacher?"
"Right. They can become a country's leaders and rich people
or bosses because of the informational values associated with
those interactions in past lives. They all store in the energy
particle system in their souls. On the contrary, poor people,
workers, and people who have no ability in life because their
souls have no or little information value in interacting groups.
Therefore, it is difficult for them to succeed without diligent
cultivation and study in their present life." The teacher
replied.
Another student continued to ask the teacher, "In
human history and social practice, there has been much
oppression and exploitation of workers by employers. They
exploit labour at the expense of the lives and spirits of
workers. Since then, the exploited working classes have risen
to fight against the domination and exploitation of the owners
and exploiting classes. They even create wars between
classes. War from one region spreads across the world. That
causes everyone to live in the suffering of killing and poverty.
Teacher, whose fault are those crimes and which class's fault?
The teacher replied, "Your question is very fantastic. To
conclude that sin belongs to any class or group of people, it
seems unfair when the environment of the human world is for
practice for tuelinhs. Through this environment, each tuelinh
must learn to recognize its toxins as it develops and how to
eliminate toxins in suffering and life. Finally, practice the
mechanism of sustainable transformation by producing
positive energy particles. Therefore, tracing and drawing

Eliminating Toxins in the Relationship Between Employer and Employee

conclusions about whose fault it is not advisable. Instead, we
conclude that it is due to the toxins within each soul as they
interact in the four forms of the Tao. If each person does not
have the enlightened wisdom to understand and then practice
forcing out the toxins and activating kindness, they will cause
harm to each other. The consequence was repression and
exploitation by the owners and the ruling classes, followed by
murderous struggles between classes. However, if each
person understands what roles they are taking on in a human
life, they will change their thoughts and actions in treating
each other. Then, their process of recognizing and eliminating
toxins will happen faster, and as a result, they will practice
producing sustainable energy particle s more effectively.
That's great for employees and employers as they interact in
this role.
Toxins that need to be recognized and eliminated in the
relationship between employer and employee:
- As an employer, toxins include:
+ The employer exploits the working time and labour
of the employee. That is, salaries and bonuses are not worth
workers' time and work. In addition, the value of wages and
extras makes it impossible for workers to cover their family's
living needs and regenerate their labour power.
+ The employer reduces the employee's worth, such as
wages, bonuses, and penalties to the employee.
+ The employer scolds, insults, and tramples on the
employee's dignity.
+ The employer beats and kills the worker.
- As a worker, toxins include:

+ Workers are lazy and irresponsible at work.
+ Employees do not have the spirit of cooperation with
each other during work performance.
+ Workers are jealous and harm each other.
+ The employee steals the employer's property.
+ Employees destroy the means of production and the
employer's property.
+ The employee insults and tramples on the dignity of
the employer.
+ Workers beat and kill the employer.
Toxins in the relationship between employer and
employee will appear and develop when they do not satisfy
each other's needs and desires. Therefore, an effective
solution to eliminate these toxins is for both partners to
understand the enlightened wisdom o f knowing the two
truths. Then, they help each other for mutual benefit. That
means that the employer gains benefits through the
employee, whereas the employee gains benefits from work to
have the best physical and mental life. By doing this, each
person can activate kindness and eliminate toxins within the
soul.
Now, please focus on your inner soul to eliminate toxins
in the relationship between employer and employee. Read out
loud after me:
Hey, tuelinh! We have gone through a long journey of
learning enlightened knowledge from the two truths. We have
also understood and practised eliminating the toxins in the
three forms of the Tao. It is a trip with the efforts of both you
and me. It is something to be proud of, and it is fantastic for us

Eliminating Toxins in the Relationship Between Employer and Employee

when we together receive knowledge and practice to achieve
enlightenment. Hey, tuelinh, I am so proud of you for
continuously transmitting the positive energy of inspiration to
help your brain stay alert to receive the most accurate units of
enlightened knowledge. It is the power to help us achieve many
achievements in learning and practising in recent times. And, at
this time, together, we continue the task of eliminating the
toxins in your employer -employee relationship. It is a group
interacting in the f orm of social Tao. Through this group of
interactions in all your human lives, you have produced
countless particles of energy as both worker and employer.
These are the results of the process of accumulating
information values that have sustainable develo pment and
information values that are destructive. Either way, it's part of
your body. Therefore, you do not have to fear or worry about
the toxic information in the harmful energy particles created by
the employer and employee relationship. Please be conf ident
and happy so that together, we can remove those toxins from
you through receiving the information of enlightened wisdom
into your yin and yang embryo. Let go of the painful memories
you have experienced in past lives when interacting in that
group of scenarios. Dear Tuelinh, please awaken all clusters of
energy particles containing information related to the
employer and employee. Awaken all positive, neutral, and
negative energy particles. Let the positive energy particles be
empowered with enlightened wisdom from the two truths. Let
that power suppress and eliminate the toxins in the harmful
energy particles as they vibrate for the last time. Consider the
negative images, sounds, and language transmitted from the
negative energy particle system to th e brain as a short movie.

Please take it as a valuable lesson for activating the goodness
within you in your journey to produce positive energy particles.
Please be alert and receive each unit of information in this
lecture as I re-read and listened to it many times. Because that
is the method of re -encoding valuable information for
sustainable development in your yin and yang embryo, this
process will cause toxins to be eliminated from you. We can do
this because of our experience and seriousness in learning
enlightenment wisdom. T he fact that we eliminate toxins and
practice sharing enlightened knowledge with everyone is the
mechanism that produces sustainable energy particles. This
process helps you mature, and when you make enough quantity
and quality of sustainable energy partic les, that is your
opportunity to transform the yin and yang energy embryo into
an energy filter. The achievement is a profound gratitude to the
first tuelinh and all tuelinhs. Because everything has helped you
achieve accomplishments on your journey of pra ctice in the
human world, even though each other's toxins hurt you or
everyone else, hey, tuelinh, forgive yourself and everyone for
having the strength to carry out a sustainable path of
transformation.
Just like eliminating toxins in other interactive groups,
please read or listen many times so that the informational
values of the two truths are encoded in the yin and yang
embryo. When you have enough valuable information, you
can practice correctly and effectively in producing sustainable
energy particles. And remember to race against time to share
and help everyone understand and practice eliminating
toxins. At the same time, practice the mechanism of producing
sustainable energy particles in relationships in life."

Eliminating Toxins in the Relationship Between Employer and Employee

A student said to the teacher, "Teacher, your lectures
on eliminating toxins always create strong reactions in the
soul and brain." The teacher replied, "The reactions in the
lectures on eliminating toxins are not the strongest in the
enlightened knowledge system. These lectures are to help
your inner soul restore and increase positive heat to have the
strength to receive knowledge about energy particles in the
following lectures. Lectures on energy particles will create
powerful reactions in your soul when your soul has to receive
difficult and voluminous knowledge. Step by step, you will
reach enlightenment and complete understanding. The
learning process always goes hand in hand with practice to
create the most magical power for you."