Chapter Thirty-Five

Destroying Toxins as a Researcher and
Inventor

"Each group of interactions in the four Tao forms
creates values to help the tuelinh mature and reach
enlightenment after eliminating toxins and practising
sustainable energy particle production. Therefore, each
person needs to appreciate all the scenarios in life, everything
that comes and goes in life, and cherish their and everyone
else's lives. Learn valuable lessons from all things, events,
phenomena, and people. Please learn lessons from those who
have been spreading toxins through actions that are ha rmful
to everyone and everything: understand the value of toxins so
we don't practice the same things they do. On the contrary, let
us learn lessons from everyone practising helping and saving
people and all species: understanding the values of kindness
and practising as they do. Suppose you have not experienced
suffering or practised the mechanism of generating
sustainable energy particles. In that case, it will be difficult for
you to understand the enlightened wisdom of the two truths
and the smallest energy particle. Therefore, be happy to face
and liberate all suffering; that is what I taught you in the

lesson on suffering and the method to liberate it. Please
remember and apply them to every scenario in life." The
teacher started a new lecture.
A student said, "Teacher, life in the human world is
exceptionally harsh. People are always caught up in all life
forms from the moment they are born until they die. Only
some people can understand the values of each interaction
scenario and the four forms of the Tao. Therefore, the journey
of each person being born, growing up, ageing, getting sick,
and dying repeatedly makes each soul feel too tired. Everyone
is immersed in their own and each other's ignorance. They
live only to satisfy life's forms witho ut a living goal for the
soul. That is because people need to learn the truth about the
origin and mission of each tuelinh. When people suffer and
despair, they search for liberation in vain and have no
reference or standard for their methods. Thus, they c ontinue
to be caught up in other sufferings. Teacher, thinking about
this, I feel the extreme human suffering. I understand that
those sufferings help each tuelinh force out toxins and
activate goodness to grow and attain the unified Tao of the
universe. However, achieving that success takes work, and it
requires extraordinary determination and effort to practice in
the enchanting environment of the human world.
The teacher replied, "When you think the path to
achieving success is difficult and arduous, it will be difficult
and extremely arduous for you. When you stand at the foot of
a high mountain, you think you can't climb to the top and will
never get there. You cannot move forward to achieve success
because you have a mindset of suffering and failure. You need
to understand that this life is nothing but suffering. You have

Destroying Toxins as a Researcher and Inventor

only one path for your practising journey in the human world:
to squeeze out all the toxins and practice the production of
sustainable energy particles through suffering and
tribulations. When you have learned the enlightened
knowledge of the two truths, y ou have a guideline and the
strength of your origin and mission to move forward. Every
step you take forward is every step more mature, every step
closer to your destination. When you don't think about the
suffering and obstacles you will encounter, you will speed up
and reach your destination faster. The wisdom of the two
truths and the knowledge of the smallest energy particle are
super-powers that help you achieve the most complete
achievements on your practising journey in the human world.
Therefore, pr actice and practice. That helps you become
peaceful, and suffering no longer clings to your thoughts."
"Yes, teacher, when I listen to your lectures, I become more
peaceful and overcome life's sufferings. That is something I
could not have done without lea rning your knowledge. I see
that my wisdom and soul are much better than the first lesson.
That's a miracle for me. I will always try to remember and
apply your teachings in life." The student responded to the
teacher's words.
The teacher continued to preach, "Do you know how
valuable human inventions and research are to tuelinh? That
is the content of today's lesson on eliminating toxins as an
inventor and researcher."
After a few minutes, no student responded, so the
teacher continued teaching. "Like other interacting groups in
the four forms of the Tao, interacting groups as researchers
and inventors bring essential values. In addition to helping

each tuelinh eliminate toxins and activate kindness, this
interactive group helps tuelinhs find worth to promote
sustainable development.
Values gained from the group interactions as
researchers and inventors include:
- Help tuelinhs develop their thinking ability and search
for new values.
- Help the tuelinhs find and invent methods and
knowledge applicable to the development of life.
- Helps the souls to constantly search and research for
better values than those invented or discovered before.
- Finally, help the tuelinh create a sustainable path of
transformation by finding the way to full enlightenment. That
is the ultimate goal of the way of practice in the human world
when each tuelinh must live in the four forms of the Tao to
experience suf fering. From suffering, people research and
discover methods and the ultimate intellectual values.
Research and inventions in human life include:
- Research and inventions in the agricultural field, such
as creating production tools, methods, and high -yield plant
varieties that can withstand harsh climate and weather
conditions.
- Research methods to tame wild animals into good
animals so that they can serve humans in production.
- Research and invent machines and technologies for
industrial production. From there, we create the best product
values to serve human life.

Destroying Toxins as a Researcher and Inventor

- Research drugs and vaccines to help people treat
diseases and improve their resistance to epidemics and
diseases.
- Research knowledge and subjects to help people
improve their intelligence and improve their lives for the
better.
- Researching technologies to help people discover and
understand the world outside the earth and inside the human
body.
- Research and find enlightened knowledge to help
people understand the truth about their origin and complete
the mission of the tuelinh in the human world.
Those are the values and research that humans have
achieved to bring benefits to humans and tuelinh. However,
the toxins of each soul are also revealed and strongly
developed through the group's interactions as inventors and
researchers.
Toxins that need to be identified and eliminated as a
researcher and inventor include:
- Research and invent equipment and methods for
killing animals and species in agriculture.
- Research and invent various types of poisons and
stimulants that harm the health of humans and animals.
- Researching and inventing products and medicine
that have no value in helping patients while enchanting
people about their worth.
- Research and invent weapons and poisons to kill
people through wars to compete for territory and invade each
other.

- Jealous researchers and inventors kill each other to
compete and appropriate the results.
- Researching and inventing toxic knowledge makes
people live in ignorance. This type of invention and research
is hazardous because it causes humanity to be immersed in
that harmful knowledge from generation to generation. It
causes the yin and yang embry o of tuelinh to absorb many
toxins, and the decomposition process occurs fastest. We can
see the thoughts, the knowledge of worship and sacrifice, the
wisdom of enlightenment by leaving home to practice, or the
understanding of praying to God or Buddha to achieve
liberation from suffering after death. All are toxic knowledge
invented by humans.
You must know that every research or invention
created is the product of the poison or kindness of each
tuelinh in the role of researcher or inventor. That means we
should not criticize or blame anyone because of the injuries of
humans and all species. Instead, let us recognize the toxic and
benevolent values of the values of invention and research.
From there, we do not create and apply harmful values in life;
instead, we must actively make and use kind values. That is a
lesson for every tuelinh through th e human form. Especially
as a researcher or inventor, you should think and create good
values that bring sustainable development to people, animals
and all species. The light of enlightened wisdom of the two
truths and energy particles illuminates and lets us know that.
Now, please focus on your inner soul to increase your
power in eliminating elemental elements as a researcher and
inventor. Read out loud after me:

Destroying Toxins as a Researcher and Inventor

Hey, tuelinh! What did I think when I started listening to
the teacher talk about the title of this lesson? Perhaps you have
never been a researcher or an inventor since your incarnation
as a human until now. However, when the teacher analyzed the
speech in depth, I suddenly realized I was thinking wrong. Do
you know why? Because you and all souls, when incarnated as
humans, go through interactive scenarios as researchers and
inventors in each human life. It's just the difference in the value
of inventions and research. Inventions in agricultural
production and animal hunting are something that all tuelinhs
practice. Only great inventions such as machinery and
knowledge can only be created by certain tuelinhs. That shows
that all souls live in an interactive scenario as researchers and
inventors. Therefore, we have unleashed toxicity and kindness
in those interaction scenarios. Hey, tuelinh, we need to
recognize and eliminate the toxins in this group of interactions.
You should not be worried or afraid of thi s toxin because it is
present in all souls. That is also why all tuelinhs must incarnate
as humans to eliminate all toxins in suffering and tribulation.
Please be joyful because we have been achieving outstanding
achievements in learning and understanding the wisdom of
enlightenment from knowing the two truths and the smallest
energy particle. That enlightened wisdom has helped us learn
the three secrets all souls have been searching for. We
understand the origin of humanity and the mission of the
practising journey in the human world. In particular, we are
equipped with a sustainable path of transformation that the
teacher's enlightened knowledge has given us. That is why you
or any other tuelinh does not have to be sad or worried about
the toxins that have affected people and creatures in the past.

All the suffering of toxins are valuable lessons that help us
understand ourselves and each other. The next is to motivate us
to practice the production of sustainable energy particles to
mature and achieve the goal of our practising path in the
human world.
Hey, tuelinh, please awaken all clusters of energy
particles within you with content related to invention and
research in past lives. Awaken the positive energy particles of
kindness of what you have created to help people and all
species. Let enlightened wisdom give those energy particles
more power to jointly control and eliminate the toxins in the
harmful energy particles. Let the negative energy particles be
shaken before they are re -encoded with information from
enlightened wisdom. Hey, tuelinh, don't fear the toxic
information from harmful energy particles. Consider it a shor t
film to make it a driving force for the practice of sustainable
energy particle production. Please rely on me because you and
I have achieved a union to receive enlightened wisdom and
practice the mechanism of sustainable transmutation.
Therefore, please focus on receiving each unit of knowledge in
this lecture as I read and listened to it many times. Stay focused
so that recoding information in the yin and yang embryo is most
effective. I believe we can do it. Success is near us; let's try to
achieve that outstanding achievement. That is a deep gratitude
to the first tuelinh because he always silently guides us on our
practising journey. And especially, the practice of sharing
enlightened wisdom with everyone is to help the tuelinhs in the
human world because all are your brothers and friends."
When the teacher stopped teaching, a student asked,
"Teacher, I have never seen you give this lecture before. When

Destroying Toxins as a Researcher and Inventor

I started the lecture, I didn't think that I had any value that
had been invented or researched in the past. However, after
listening to this sermon, I realized I had reactions in my soul.
Also, I feel the energy transmitted to my forehead, making my
head tense. Is that information encoded into the soul and
eliminating toxins?"
The teacher replied, "There are many lectures you have
yet to hear in previous classes because this is a particular
class to treat diseases of the mind, body and wisdom.
Therefore, I have transformed the secret information within
the smallest energy partic le system to help the learner heal
the three diseases most effectively. These are diseases of
ignorant intellect, the soul, and pathology. You must know
that the soul causes illness of the body; the ignorant intellect
causes disease of the soul. Mental ill ness only breaks out
when the multiple clusters of harmful energy particles go out
of control, and pathology breaks out when the tuelinh has an
excess of harmful energy particles but has not yet lost control
due to destructive energy. Ignorant intellect is the deficiency
and distortion of information stored within the energy
particle. Therefore, to heal all three diseases, learners need to
load enough quantity and quality of data with sustainable
development value to re -encode the original yin and yang
energy embryo. After that, each tuelinh will have the power to
practice the mechanism of generating positive energy
particles. In addition, because toxins are difficult to force out
of the soul, I must create teachings that ensure that no toxins
are left out within each soul.
It is usual for you to react because it proves that the
toxin exists in your soul. In addition, the learner feels energy

being transmitted to the forehead and sees a compressive
force on the forehead because information is transmitted
through that point. That is the intellectual transceiver station
of the tuelinh within. When you receive valuable information,
it will make you feel pressure on your forehead , and you will
feel your body warm afterwards. That's great."