Chapter Thirty-Six

Eliminating Toxins as a Businessman and
Producer

When the class was full of students, the teacher entered
the class and started a new lesson. He said, "Do the lectures
on identifying and eliminating toxins in the four forms of the
Tao make you bored? Because we have a few more lessons to
finish this series of lectures. Then we will explore knowledge
about the smallest energ etic particles in and out of the
universe."
Many students responded, "Teacher, these lectures are
wonderful because of the true and valuable information you
provide us. We have a deeper understanding of the two truths
and the smallest particle of energy. Earlier, when we had not
learned knowledge of the smallest energy particles, applying
the two truths to explain all things and events caused us many
difficulties. However, the teacher's lectures in this course,
especially recognizing and eliminating toxins, have helped us
deeply understand good and harmful actions. Without energy
particle knowledge for reference, it will be difficult for
practitioners to determine in which direction they are
implementing the transformation mechanism. When we

understand the path of practice in the human world after
understanding the three secrets, we must eliminate toxins
and practice sustainable energy particle production.
Therefore, lessons on recognizing and eliminating toxins are
fundamental. The evidence i s that the learners had strong
reactions during the learning process, and their illnesses were
greatly reduced afterwards."
The teacher smiled and replied, "Course lectures on
identifying and eliminating toxins are essential for all
learners. I mean because many of the same lectures about
eliminating toxins will make you feel bored. However, it's
great that you don't feel bored . We all understand that life is
nothing but suffering, so learning many lessons that have the
same task of eliminating toxins in the interacting groups of
the four forms will not make people lose their enjoyment in
learning the two truths."
The teacher took the opportunity to sip a cup of hot tea
before continuing the lecture. Then, the teacher lectured, " In
today's lesson, we will identify and eliminate toxins as
producers and businesses. This group interacts as the social
Tao when each person practices the values accumulated in
the soul to create new profits and values. This interaction
group is entirely diff erent from the interaction group in the
relationship between employer and employee, which is the
relationship of two groups of roles. A s for production and
business, they are the practices of those who act as employers.
I have a question for you. Because I am teaching you
enlightened knowledge, is it my role as a producer and
business person?"

Eliminating Toxins as a Businessman and Producer

One student replied, "No, sir. Because you don't have
products that are goods, and you don't make any profit from
teaching this knowledge. If the teacher's classes collect
student tuition, the teacher is a business person. But because
you do not collect st udent tuition, you are not a business
person."
The teacher laughed and replied, "Your answer is
completely wrong. I am a person participating in the
production and business processes. I have produced goods of
great value and am in the process of distributing them to
humanity. They are the stable energy particles in my tuelinh.
My tuelinh has an energy filter, which produces countless
super-energy particles when I practice preaching th e
knowledge of the two truths to everyone. So, I have a factory,
and I am practising production. My products are super -
energy particles containing comprehensive information
values and sustainable development for intelligence and
humans. That is a special type of good. In addition, I am also a
business person because when I teach knowledge, I am
distributing products to people. People consume my products
when they accept my knowledge to understand the three
secrets. Next, when people practice the sustainable
transmutation mechanism, they become secondary factories
to produce energy particles like I have been practising. Thus,
I am both a manufacturer, a product distributor, and a
technology transferor so that everyone can have the same
abilities as me. You should know that I earn super profits from
my production and business. Those profits have helped the
tuelinh within me have the power to unite with all things in
the universe and have the power to produce many types of

super-energy to help my tuelinh and all things become
sustainable. In addition, many other souls who followed the
practice succeeded on their journey to becoming enlightened
beings."
A student immediately said, "You produce and provide
super-energy particles. Your factory is an energy filter in
tuelinh, and the product is super-energy particles. I hope you
can transfer the technology of that factory to us so we can do
the same as you."
The teacher smiled and replied, "Of course. I am helping
you understand and gradually build a super -energy particle
manufacturing and trading factory through enlightened
knowledge of the two truths and the smallest energy particle.
That's why I'm here to help you. When you eliminate all toxins
through achieving thoroughly enlightened wisdom, each
preaching of your enlightened wisdom to everyone will help
them understand and practice the mechanism of sustainable
reincarnation, the production of super -energy particles.
Therefore, please try your best to study well to eliminate all
toxins and practice the mechanism of sustainable
transformation.
Now, you can share your painful experiences in
business and production with me and the class. From there, I
will help you recognize and eliminate that toxin more
efficiently."
A male student shared, "Teacher, my mental health
problems are almost completely cured now. Before joining
your course, I suffered from phenomena such as seeing
demons, God, and Buddha. They told me they would bless me
to make me rich if I took the trouble to worship them. I

Eliminating Toxins as a Businessman and Producer

thought I was lucky when God and Buddha bestowed
blessings on me. Therefore, I borrowed money to invest in
business. I spent a lot of money renting business premises and
hiring workers. However, after a while, I suffered losses and
had a huge debt. After that, I became miserable and blamed
God and Buddha for why they deceived me like that. Why do
they cause me to lose business when they say they will bless
me? Those sufferings a nd questions were completely
answered when I attended your class. There is a que stion I
would like to ask you: can I be successful if I do business or
produce a certain product?"
The teacher replied, "Do you understand why you have
mental health problems? Why did you hear words from God
or Buddhas about them bestowing favours on you to do
business? And why did you fail? All of these are toxic
information stored in harmful energy pa rticles in your soul.
That is information disorders in your negative energy particle
system. No God or Buddha will give you wealth or success in
business and production. The things you heard are all
negative information you have practised and encoded in
harmful energy particles in your past lives. In this life, when
you think about business and production, that dangerous
information will be transmitted to your brain. Then, you have
mental problems. In your past life, you were not successful in
business and production. Instead, you performed many
rituals to pray to Buddha or God to gain wealth. Even to get
money, you harmed people and animals. Those actions create
harmful energy particles that make up a part of your soul.
Because you have little good information value in production
and business in your soul, it will be difficult for you to succeed

when you want to become a business and production person.
It would be best not to aspire to become an employer or get
rich through business and production. Instead, it would help
if you learned much about production and trade and then
practised business on a tiny scale. Try to make sure you have
enough to eat and educate your children. Don't dream of
getting rich because you will never get rich quickly or
suddenly. The reason is that there is no positive energy
particle system in your soul related to the ac hievements of
production and business to support you. The best solution is
to work for someone else to help your family and improve
your intelligence.
That is why people suffering from various mental
illnesses should not try to be employers or practice business
and production on a large scale. Get hired or practice being
your employer and only do small business after knowing
about the products you want to sell."
Another student asked the teacher, "Teacher,
nowadays, there are many courses on how to get rich. Many
young people have taken those courses to get rich quickly.
However, many people fail, and many of them have mental
health problems. Can you explain more about that issue so we
can understand?
The teacher said, "To become a successful person in any
field, including production and business, the soul within must
have many positive energy particles of kindness that have
content related to that field. That means that for a person to
be successful in getting rich, that person's soul must have
positive energy particles that benefit everyone and all beings
involved in getting rich in past lives. If they have a large

Eliminating Toxins as a Businessman and Producer

amount of that valuable, sustainable development
information, they can quickly become rich without taking
enrichment courses. On the contrary, if the soul contains
harmful information that harmed people and all species in
production and business in past lives, they will fail to get rich
even if they take many courses. You need to understand that
learning and cultivating current wisdom to help you succeed
in any field is considered the top fruit of a tree. Meanwhile,
information with sustainable development stored in the soul
from past lives is regarded as the roots and trunk of a tree. If
the tree's roots and trunk are healthy, it is evident that there
will be sweet fruit. On the contrary, if the roots and trunk of
the tree are infected with pests, there wil l be no fruit for
everyone to harvest.
And above all, you must understand that practising in
the human world is not to get rich by any means. Through a
group of interactive scenarios in production and business
roles to help each tuelinh understand himself. From there,
learn how to eliminate tox ins and activate kindness in
production and business."
Some students said, "Teacher, we understand tht what
you said about getting rich in production and business roles
must be based on the relevant information accumulated in the
soul. However, because humans interact in the human world
with comparison and competition, the desire to become rich
is inevitable, teacher.”
The Master replied, "That is the ideal environment for
each tuelinh to understand himself and practice sustainable
change after experiencing all the suffering in each interacting
group of the four forms of the Tao.

Before you can identify and eliminate toxins in your
business and production interaction group, you need to
understand the value of this group to the tuelinh.
So, what is the value of the business and production
role for tuelinh? It includes:
- Help souls practice the values they have accumulated
while practising and learning in the human world.
- It helps tuelinhs verify whether their accumulated
value is good or harmful through success and failure in
production and business. Success is bringing sustainable
development value to everyone and all species. Loss is
detrimental to everyone and all species.
- It helps tuelinhs complete their practice in the human
world if they transform from the production and trading of
simple physical products into products that are super-energy
particles. That is to preach enlightened wisdom to everyone.
If successful, it will help each tuelinh quickly practice the most
effective production of sustainable energy particles.
Thus, you can see that through a group of interactive
scenarios in production and business, each soul will build a
method to produce sustainable energy particles through the
production model of teaching enlightened knowledge to
everyone. To do that, everyo ne must understand and
eliminate toxins as producers and traders. If you can do this,
even if you don't become rich in money and simple materials,
your souls will become wealthy in sustainable energy
particles. That is the goal the group interacting as
businessmen and producers bring to the tuelinhs.

Eliminating Toxins as a Businessman and Producer

Toxins that need to be identified and eliminated as a
producer and trader include:
- Producing and trading products that harm the lives of
animals and all species.
- Production and business are based on destroying
land, water, forests, and other earth's resources.
- Producing and trading products that harm human
health and life.
- Producing and trading counterfeit goods that do not
ensure quality.
- Producing and trading in stimulants and addictive
substances that affect human health.
- Producing and trading in poisons and weapons that
make people kill each other.
- Producing and trading products that violate the laws
of the country where people live.
- Acts of smuggling, tax evasion, and trading in poor
quality counterfeit goods.
- Killing and trading in animal meat products.
- Trafficking in children and women, trafficking and
forcing people into slavery.
- Trading or brokering prostitution.
- Acts that harm each other in production and business.
- Practice professions such as worshipping and fortune-
telling for people or houses.
- Teaching harmful knowledge to people: that is the
knowledge that immerses people in superstition, hurting and
killing each other, not understanding the truth about the

origin and mission of practice in the human world of the
tuelinhs.
The fact that you do not practice production and
business activities that cause harm and destruction to all
people and all species means that you have eliminated and not
allowed this type of poison to appear and develop in your
souls.
Now, please focus on your soul to eliminate toxins as a
producer and businessperson. Read out loud after me:
Hey, tuelinh! It's great that we've been eliminating the
last toxins in you. I am proud because we have received the
enlightened wisdom of the two truths and the smallest energy
particle. That helps us gain the power of unity between soul,
intellect and body. Therefore, you should focus on receiving the
informational value of sustainable development from knowing
two truths in your role as a producer and businessperson. That
is the group of interactions you have practised in each life of
practice in the human world. You have produced many positive,
neutral, and negative energy particles from this group of
interactions. Please join me in charging enlightened wisdom to
re-encode the original yin and yang energy embryo within you.
For this work to be most effective, you must concentrate as I re-
read and listened to this lecture many times. Hey, tuelinh,
awaken all the negative, positive, and neutral energy particles
related to the production and business content of your human
lives in the human world. Let the pos itive energy particles
receive more strength from the enlightened wisdom of the two
truths. That power will destroy and re -encode harmful
information in negative energy particles with the same
information content. Don't be afraid or worried when toxic

Eliminating Toxins as a Businessman and Producer

information is transmitted from harmful particles. Consider it a
valuable lesson to create motivation for producing sustainable
energy particles. That poison is present in every soul, so you
should be peaceful and happy because we have understood all
the truths of the origin and practice mission in the human world
of the tuelinh life form. Dear Tuelinh, we are approaching
outstanding achievements after many lifetimes of practising
suffering in the human world. Therefore, together, we fully
receive this magi cal enlightened knowledge to eliminate all
toxins and maximize the goodness within you. That is the path
of sustainable transformation that we must practice. When we
succeed, it is a profound thank you to all the souls and people
who have suffered because of you in your practice and past lives.
That is also a deep gratitude to the first tuelinh when he silently
guided us on our practising journey in the human world. We will
achieve complete achievement soon.
After that, please often focus on reading and listening
to this lecture . That helps the yin and yang energy in your
souls to re -encode valuable information for sustainable
development and remove toxins from your souls. This
miraculous method is to heal each person's body, soul, and
intellect."
A student said, "Teacher, today's lecture was
wonderful. It helps us understand many things in the
production and business interaction group. I understand that
we live not to get rich, but through an interactive scenario to
get rich for our souls by produc ing sustainable energy
particles."