Chapter Thirty-Seven

Destroying Toxins in Relationships with
Animals and All Species

"Do you remember Nalas Nalanda's teachings about
animals to the first humans in the great gathering of
humanity?" The teacher asked the student.
Everyone replied, "I assign all of you the task of taming
animals so that their souls can also become humans to
practise, teacher."
The teacher continued, "Exactly so. That is the mission
of tuelinhs when they incarnate into humans. Taming animals
is to help their souls transform sustainably. When a ferocious
animal becomes a gentle animal, it is a testament to every
person and tuelinh that they can entirely successfully
transform their yin and yang energy embryos.
Thus, among the four commandments of the first
tuelinh, there is one thing about animals. That shows the
importance of animals compared to the remaining three
commandments on the tuelinhs' practising journey to
successfully transform their yin and yang ene rgy embryos in

the human world. That is why there are interaction scenarios
between humans, animals, and all species.
Today's lesson will explore human interaction
scenarios with animals and all species. From there, you will
identify and eliminate toxins when treating them.
You already know about animals. They include flying
animals, animals that live on the ground, and animals in the
water. As for all species, do you know which species they are?"
The student replied, "Plants, rocks, vegetation, insects, and
life smaller than insects, teacher."
The teacher said, "All the species you mentioned are
just simple groups of matter. Before you learned about the
knowledge of the two truths, you only knew people, animals,
plants and vegetation systems, but you did not know what
was inside them. But when you understand the knowledge of
the two truths, you will learn: inside humans is the tuelinh,
also known as the soul; inside animals is the soul; inside
plants and trees is the soul; inside the soil and stones are the
souls, inside insects and more petite t han them are complex
energy structures. Since humans cannot see complex and
super-complex energy structures with their eyes, humans
cannot fully see and know species. Thus, all species include all
life forms and matter, from simple to complex and super
complex.
Please continue to share your suffering experiences or
those of people around you regarding the treatment of
animals and all species. From there, you will quickly
understand and eliminate toxins in scenarios for treating
animals and all species."

Destroying Toxins in Relationships with Animals and All Species

A woman shared, "Teacher, my family bought a big
mountain to exploit and process stone into products for
construction. Besides the economic benefits my family has
received, my family also had many incidents. My child and I
used to suffer from problems rela ted to mental health, but
after learning the teacher's knowledge in previous courses,
we have recovered. After consulting with you, my family
decided to sell that mountain. During my years of illness, I
suffered from hallucinations, such as seeing images of snakes
and tigers. They always appear in my dreams, trying to chase
and harm me. Before knowing your knowledge, I asked the
psychics to see it. They all thought I had to worship gods and
become a psychic like them. I didn't follow what they said
because I saw people who are psychics not having good
results for themselves or their families. Instead, I looked for
another solution and was fortunate to learn from the
teacher's knowledge. As a result, my child and I have
overcome mental health problems. From y our lectures, I
understood that the negative energy particles we had
produced in our past lives were the main cause of mental
health problems. And the direct cause of the present life is
production and business based on blasting mountains to
exploit stone. I understand that many species suddenly lost
their place to live in the mountains and were even injured. In
the souls of those who destroyed the mountains, they
continued to produce negative energy particles. My family has
moved to another job to do busin ess, so I feel happy and no
longer worried like before. I would like you to explain more
to me and everyone about the species that humans cannot see
when they exist in trees and rocks?"

The teacher said, "It was a good decision for everyone
in the family and all the creatures living on that mountain. The
species that live in that mountain are not just animals, trees,
and rocks. It also has the souls of animals, the souls of trees,
and the souls of rocks and soil. Beast souls will become angry
when their bodies are killed, and then they will find ways to
avenge those who killed them or those living nearby. Why do
their souls take revenge? Because they have no enlightened
wisdom and no compa ssion, they will hate and take revenge
when they lose the opportunity to practice in a simple
physical form. They have to wait for the next reincarnation
journey. Thus, destroying mountains eliminates the living
environment of many animals and plants, even causing them
to die during exploitation.
In addition, the souls in trees and rocks also lost their
practice environment to become sustainable. You must know
that plants, trees, rocks, and soil all have complex energy
structures existing inside. They maintain the existence of
simple matter, and th rough the simple matter of grass, trees
and rocks, they will grow in number of energy particles and
intelligence. When you destroy their environment and simple
physical structure, they will lose the opportunity to practice.
Therefore, actions to exploit th e earth's resources will have
enormous consequences for all species. In future lectures, I
will have in -depth lessons for the transformation journey of
living forms for you to understand more deeply."
Another student told the teacher, "Teacher, during my
mental illness, I always saw images of ferocious animals, such
as snakes, tigers, and dogs, chasing me and wanting to kill me.
Even in my sleep, I see them. When I met the psychics, they all

Destroying Toxins in Relationships with Animals and All Species

thought it was my fate to worship the gods and become a
psychic like them. They also said that if I didn't do what they
said, I would go crazy and not be able to live. But when I
learned your knowledge, I recovered and understood why I
had a mental illness related to hallucinations of wild animals.
In my past lives, I practised or had acts of killing many animals
for trade or to practice worship rituals. Those images are
stored in negative energy particles in my soul. In this life, that
harmful information bombards my brain and causes me
mental illness with hallucinations related to animals."
Another student continued, "Teacher, in the city we live
in, there used to be several neighbourhoods that specialized
in slaughtering dogs and processing their meat into dishes.
The slaughterhouse owners were initially very wealthy, but
many of their children and families died suddenly, and much
suffering came to them. Somehow, they understood that
killing animals for the restaurant business would cause them
severe consequences, so they stopped slaughtering and
trading in animal meat. The consequences of su ffering were
direct lessons for them to recognize their cruel behaviour, and
then they changed their behaviour."
The teacher said, "There are always consequences for
evil actions. It comes when the amount of harmful energy
particles in the soul is enough to create a tribulation for each
person. It can come in the next life through mental illnesses
and other calamitie s. And, it comes during the practice of
cruel acts when their amount of harmful energy particles is
enough in the present life.
Actions that hurt animals and all species, such as
destroying the practice environment and killing them, are all

due to people not understanding the truth about the origin
and mission of practice in the human world. Of course, it
includes not knowing the commandments of the first tuelinh.
That's why people do not see the value of the relationship
between humans and a nimals, and all species bring wisdom
to the tuelinhs. Thus, they do not recognize the toxins in their
souls.
Do you know what values the tuelinhs have in human
interaction scenarios with animals and all species? That may
be a difficult question for you. Those values include:
- The most excellent value is that each tuelinh will learn
love for other life forms besides the tuelinhs. If souls learn to
love all living beings in a practice environment, they have
wisdom and love for all life forms in and outside the universe.
The tuelinhs want to attain the unified Tao of the universe;
they must connect their intellect with all matter in and
outside the universe. Therefore, if the tuelinhs do not have
that love, their path to maturity and enlightenment is still very
far.
- Through treating and helping animals and all species,
the tuelinhs can practice protecting and developing all forms
of life in and outside the universe to become sustainable. That
is the mission of each tuelinh after successfully converting the
yin and yang energy embryo into an energy filter.
So, you have understood the value of the interaction
scenarios between humans and animals and all species in the
human practice environment. That is to build a love for all
creatures and practice methods to protect and develop all
things in and out of the universe to become sustainable.

Destroying Toxins in Relationships with Animals and All Species

Next, we need to recognize and eliminate the soul's
toxins through humans' actions towards animals and all
species. It includes:
- Destroying water resources and polluting water
sources in rivers, streams, ponds, lakes, seas, and
underground water.
- Destroying forests and vegetation systems.
- Destroying and exploiting soil and rock in the
mountains and underground.
- Other underground resource exploitation activities.
- Imprisoning and beating animals. That is different
from taming animals.
- Hunting animals underwater, on the ground, and in
the air.
- Practicing the business of trading and slaughtering
animals.
- Actions that hurt animals and all species.
When people have faith in the origin of humanity and
the practising mission of the tuelinhs in the human world,
they will stop acts that hurt animals and all species. However,
having many benefits, such as economics, wealth, food, and
pleasure, makes it di fficult for people to give up cruel acts
towards animals and all species. Therefore, people must
endure extreme suffering and disasters to help them change
their thoughts and actions.
When you take my courses, most of you have
experienced suffering from mental illness and physical
illness. Those sufferings and tribulations are ideal conditions
for seeking understanding and liberation from suffering. It is

also the material that helps you change your thinking and
actions to eliminate all toxins and maximize the goodness in
your soul. Therefore, please practice eliminating toxins and
maximize the kindness within you when dealing with animals
and all species.
Now, please focus within to transmit the enlightened
wisdom to your soul to have strength and eliminate toxins.
Read out loud after me:
Hey, tuelinh! Do you know? Perhaps you must remember
your mission of taming animals since you started incarnating
as a human. As a result, you cannot avoid causing harm to
animals and all living beings during many lifetimes of practice
in the human world. That is the type of poison in the form of the
social Tao that every tuelinh has, and he loses control of himself
because of it. I also understand why you and the tuelinhs cannot
recognize and control that or any type of poison because all do
not have enlig htened wisdom. Because of that, we all hurt
animals and all species, while we think we have the right to do
it. We believe that killing animals is to ensure food needs for
humans, and exploiting the earth's resources is to serve
economic development for people and countries. We always
think we have the right to decide on everything, animals and all
species. It i s a wrong and cruel ideology that we do not know
that all are equal. Hey, tuelinh, I know you have endured
countless sufferings and tribulations during your practising
journey in the human world. Your toxins have caused suffering
to many species and animal s. As a result, harmful energy
particles that form a part of you are produced. That is evidence
of the toxins that have emerged and developed in you through
your treatment of animals and all species.

Destroying Toxins in Relationships with Animals and All Species

Dear Tuelinh, let go of your fears and worries about what
you have done to animals and all species in past lives. Instead,
focus on receiving each unit of enlightened wisdom as we study
and listen to the teacher's teachings. This unique enlightened
wisdom will help you eliminate all toxins and activate
maximum goodness. Please be happy and excited because we
have understood the wisdom of enlightenment from the two
truths and the knowledge of the smallest energy particle. At the
same time, many people have y et to access this special
knowledge. Please forgive the mistakes you have made towards
animals and all species in the past and past lives to have the
strength to practice sustainable transformation on your
practising journey in the human world. Please awak en all
negative, positive, and neutral energy particles related to
treating animals and all species. Let the positive energy
particles be empowered by the enlightened wisdom of the two
truths. That power will control and eliminate all toxins in the
negative energy particle system to re-encode their information.
Then, they will function properly and perform their duties.
Don't be afraid when you see toxic information from harmful
energy particles bombarded. Instead, consider it a short film to
help you have a lesson in activating kindness in this group of
scenarios. Hey, tuelinh, please accept each unit of information
as I read and listened to this lecture many times. It will
magically help you re -encode information in yin and yang
energy embryos. We must rac e against time to practice
eliminating toxins and activating goodness through sharing
enlightened wisdom with everyone. That is the fastest way to
help you produce sustainable energy particles to convert yin
and yang energy embryos into energy filters. Only success is the

best result to pay tribute to the first tuelinh and all life forms in
and outside the universe. We can do it when the destination is
very close to us.
Please read and re -listen to this lecture many times to
maximize the effectiveness of encoding information. When
the yin and yang energy embryo and the energy particle
system in the soul are encoded with data for sustainable
development, you will have magi cal power in practising
sustainable energy particle production. Receiving valuable
information for sustainable development will help you
change your ideology. It is to transform into a positive
ideology to always practice kindness towards all beings and
in all interactive scenarios of the four forms of the Tao. That
is the power of enlightened knowledge when you learn and
practice."
Some students said, "Teacher, the reactions and images
of demons and animals still appear in my mind when
practising forcing out toxins in this group of scenarios.
However, because the previous lesson on forcing out toxins
also had content related to anima ls, this lesson had a milder
reaction level. My mental illness has almost been cured, and
the symptoms of my illness before attending the course have
almost disappeared, teacher. Indeed, receiving enlightened
wisdom creates miraculous power, sir."