Chapter Thirty-Eight

Eliminate Toxins in Treating Yourself and
Others

When the teacher entered the classroom and prepared
to lecture, the woman sitting near the teacher spoke to him.
"Teacher, until today, I still have sharp pain in my bones.
However, I have good news. Yesterday, I got the results of the
bone scan and cancer cell tests. As a result, the bones show no
signs of metastasis, cancer indicators have decreased to the
safe zone, and tumours and lymph nodes are almost
disappearing. It was miraculous that stage III breast cancer
was almost cured without taking medication or hospital
treatment after a few months of studying your therapy class.
Thus, the sharp pain in my bones and joints is due to the
process of eliminating toxins from my soul and body cells.
However, my bones and joints hurt so much all day and night,
teacher."
The teacher replied, "That's good. When your soul is
loaded with valuable information for sustainable
development, the yin and yang energy embryo and the energy
particle system in the soul structure will eliminate toxins. The
process of encoding informatio n causes sharp pain in the

body. That is the phenomenon of cancer patients and other
patients who also have sharp pain at the site of the disease.
Try to practice helping people with other diseases and
sufferings; help them understand and overcome the suffering
you have been overcom ing. Doing so helps the soul produce
positive energy particles to make the healing process faster."
That woman was one of three metastatic cancer
patients who recovered from late-stage cancer after finishing
the course. Five cancer patients participated in the treatment,
while two cancer patients, one only learned half the course,
and one did not follow the teacher's method correctly. They
continued treatment at the hospital, so they did not survive.
After that woman's sharing, many students shared
their illness with everyone and the teacher. Many mentally ill
people have almost completely recovered. In addition,
patients with other types of diseases also miraculously
recover without taking medication. The patients and students
of that course witnessed the miracle of healing mental and
physical illness through the healing of intellectual ignorance.
It is a method of recharging information with sustainable
development to restructure the energy in the soul to generate
warm heat. The warm heat generated will radiate to all cells
in the body to heal all types of diseases. When the energy
structure in the soul has been restructured, the patient's
mental illnesses are also cured. The recovered patients
proved that the teacher's words were accurate when the class
began its first session. That is, "If the patient wants to be
cured, he or she must listen to me and practice my method
correctly."

Eliminate Toxins in Treating Yourself and Others

People shared their joy and happiness when their
illnesses had decreased and were almost completely cured
when the course had just passed one-third. It is indescribable
happiness when sick people think they cannot be cured after
being treated by hospitals and many different methods.
I remember that when the course of wisdom, soul, and
body healing ended, people sank into feelings of happiness as
almost everyone recovered from their illnesses. That is from
depression, hallucinations, anxiety disorders, epilepsy,
schizophrenia, other di seases, and especially three patients
with late -stage metastatic cancer. Sick people and non -sick
students celebrated the last class together and said goodbye
to the teacher because they would no longer be able to attend
any of his courses in Vietnam. At t he first session of this
healing course, the teacher swore before all his students and
all life forms in the universe, "If this healing course is not
successful, I will never teach enlightened wisdom again. If I
succeed and you recover from your illness by listening to me,
I will devote my life to spreading the enlightened wisdom of
the two truths worldwide. Regardless of success or failure, I
will not hold any future classes in Vietnam again." As a result,
he has succeeded in applying enlightened wisdom an d
knowledge of the smallest energy particle to treat pathology,
mental illness, and ignorance. That is unquestionably
valuable evidence of the teacher's knowledge. That's why,
during the teacher's farewell party, everyone couldn't hide
their sadness at hav ing to leave him after the course ended.
However, everyone promised themselves that they would try
to practice and spread the teacher's enlightened wisdom to

everyone so that together, they could complete the task of
practising in the human world.
Returning to the memory of the toxin removal lecture
series in the interactive scenarios in the four forms of the Tao,
that was the last lecture. The teacher began the class after
everyone shared joy about their excellent health.
He said, " In t oday's lesson, we will eliminate the last
toxins in each soul as each person behaves towards
themselves and others. You need to know that the
information content groups in eliminating toxins are linked.
When removing toxins in a particular interaction group, it
simultaneously eliminates toxins in other interaction groups.
Therefore, releasing toxi ns through the information content
in the four forms of the Tao is extremely valuable for you. In
addition, you must remember that eliminating harmful
information is the process of reading and learning
enlightened wisdom from the two truths and smallest energy
particles. You must understand enlightenment knowledge to
help the yin and yang embryo re-encode information and then
practice producing positive energy particles. You cannot just
listen or read my lectures a few times and think you have
eliminated th e toxins in your soul and are cured. It is not
possible. Learning and practising must go hand in hand. It is a
mechanism to practice sustainable transformation:
eliminating toxins and producing sustainable energy particles
by helping and saving people, animals, and all species.
This lesson on eliminating toxins differs from the
previous lessons on removing toxins. Therefore, you
concentrate on receiving each unit of information into your
soul so that the elimination of toxins and the encoding of

Eliminate Toxins in Treating Yourself and Others

enlightened wisdom are maximally effective. This lecture will
help you eliminate toxins and activate kindness from your
thoughts to your behaviour towards yourself and others.
1. "Humans do not have the right to kill themselves and
others."
When people encounter suffering, events, difficulties,
pressure, illness or any problems in life, they commit suicide
to end their lives. They think they have the right to decide
their death to be liberated when they encounter the above
problems. Their act ions are murder. They kill their parents'
children, the husband's wife, the wife's husband, the father or
mother of the children, and the lover's lover. That is a severe
crime because it does not respect life as a human being. When
they decided to commit suicide, they did not know that to be
reincarnated as a human, that soul had to make a vow and ask
the first tuelinh to be reincarnated. They do not learn that, for
them to be born, to study and to grow up, how much their
parents had to care for and love th em. The act of not
respecting one's own life causes the soul inside to suffer an
extremely fierce punishment. After that person dies, the soul
will not be transferred to any planet, nor reincarnated
immediately into the next human life, and exceptionally n ot
returned to heaven. That soul must be damned and live in a
place where they commit suicide for many years, even
hundreds of years to thousands of years. It was a fitting
punishment for not appreciating that soul's opportunity to be
human. That soul will have to witness the people living nearby
in love and happiness. Only when these souls realize the cruel
actions they have committed and help people living in that
area have faith in the world after people die can those souls

return somewhere else to balance energy before being
reincarnated as a human in a new life. If people live on the
land where they died, they have enlightened wisdom and
practice saving that soul. That soul can return to another
place to balance its energy before being reincarnated as a
human being. Therefore, people do not have the right to kill
themselves for any reason. Each life of practice in the human
world is precious because if one does not successfully
transform the yin and yang energy embryo, each tuelinh will
be in danger of being destroyed very quickly. Therefore, we
must cherish human life to practice and overcome suffering
and calamities to produce sustainable energy particles.
Besides, people do not have the right to kill others.
When people interact in the four forms of the Tao, they
quickly break out and develop toxins in their souls. They
become clinging, angry, and hateful, eventually losing control
of their minds, leading t o acts of killing each other. That is,
parents kill their children, mothers have abortions, mothers
hug their children to commit suicide together, kill lovers, kill
due to conflicts and clashes in society, kill due to rivalry and
jealousy, and kill harm ea ch other for any reason. It is an act
of murder and hinders humans' practising journey. The soul
of the murderer will receive extremely harsh punishments
after death. They will not be reincarnated immediately; they
will have to wait long. When reincarnated as a new person,
they must endure being killed due to accidents or conflicts
with people. That is a punishment to create a lesson for that
soul to eliminate toxins in relationships with others when the
toxins cannot be controlled and kill others.

Eliminate Toxins in Treating Yourself and Others

Killing yourself or killing others results from losing
control of the mind due to toxins in the soul. It makes the
practising journey of these souls more dire. Therefore,
understand the wisdom of enlightenment from the two truths
to eliminate thoughts of suicide or killing others. Control your
thoughts, words and actions to avoid harming yourself or
others.
2. "Everyone has poisonous snakes inside, so don't try to
make them angry."
The toxin is always present in each person's soul and
will explode when it encounters the right environment to
activate it. Activating other people's toxins will cause
everyone's toxins to explode and grow stronger. As a result,
people will fall into suffe ring and disaster. Therefore, people
need to control their thoughts and behaviours in
relationships, not provoke other people's toxins.
Some examples of provoking toxicity in others and
yourself:
- When you have a family, at work or in certain
interactive relationships, from your thoughts, you have
flirtatious looks and words with the opposite sex. That is, you
have activated your toxin first and that toxin is activating the
poison of the opposite sex. When someone of the opposite sex
receives a lot of flirting from you, that person's toxicity can
flare up. When both people's toxins break out, you and that
person will have an affair. As a result, you and that person
produce harmful energy particles that make the path of
disease and destruction of the souls go faster. In addition, the
consequences of adultery will seriously damage everyone's
family, children, and career.

- When you have social relationships, if for some reason
you say bad words, curse and assault others. That means you
have activated everyone's toxins with your toxins. It will
create conflicts, fights, and even killing each other. As a result,
both souls make many harmful energy particles for the decay
process to happen faster. In addition, it is possible that
through that conflict, someone gets hurt, someone dies, and
everyone's career and morality are seriously impaired.
- When you accidentally collide with someone in life,
you should not get angry, curse or assault them. Because if
you cannot control your thoughts and actions, you and that
person can fight and kill each other. Because when you
activate your toxins, you al so activate other people's toxins.
As a result, your soul, wisdom, and body suffer damage. The
cause of injury is your ignorance.
You know that the practice environment in the human
world is through interactive scenarios to force out toxins and
activate goodness. However, it would be best if you did not
use the wisdom of ignorance to say that each other's
intentional actions of activating toxins are to help each other
identify and remove toxins. That is naive and ignorant
thinking. There are two sources of learning to identify and
force out toxins and then activate goodness: learning through
the sufferings and tribulations of the inte ractive scenarios in
the four forms of the Tao and learning through enlightened
wisdom of the two truths. Learning through enlightened
understanding is the safest way to eliminate toxins and
activate goodness for each tuelinh. On the contrary, learning
through suffering and tribulations activates other people's
and your toxins. Learning this path causes the soul to produce

Eliminate Toxins in Treating Yourself and Others

many harmful energy particles, and the risk of destruction is
very high. Thus, learning and practicing according to
enlightened wisdom will help tuelinhs complete the path of
practice and attain enlightenment as quickly as possible.
Meanwhile, activating o ne's own and others' toxins is the
fastest path to destruction for the soul.
3. "Everyone is a mirror. Clean your mirror, and don't try
to clean other people's mirrors."
Each person is a mirror to look back at themselves. It is
reviewing what you have thought and the actions you have
taken in each moment and each day. Looking at yourself is to
help each person recognize whether their toxins have
emerged and developed. If you detect a toxin, eliminate your
thoughts and stop uncontrolled actions caused by that toxin.
Try to practice kindness to bring good values to everyone.
Eliminate toxic thoughts, control hurtful actions, and instead
practice kind activities; it is to wipe your mirror clean.
Cleaning one's mirror should be done moment by moment
and day by day. It helps each person control themselves and
not provoke other people's toxins.
If everyone likes to clean other people's mirrors
because they think they see toxins from others, that is wrong.
The act of washing someone else's mirror is activating
another person's toxins with your own. People should not
criticize or speak ill of someo ne, thinking these actions help
them improve. Because of those actions, people are using
their toxins to smear the example of others. Therefore, do not
try to clean someone else's mirror. Instead, cleaning your
mirror would help so that your goodness and m orality can
shine. Then, when others look at that moral and intellectual

example, they will recognize the toxins and know how to
remove them from their souls. It is through those actions that
our moral example shine s. At that time, everyone around
them will notice their poisonous mirror through our mirror
so they can clean their mirror.
It would be best to remember that the toxins of
jealousy, narcissism, and conservatism are easy to erupt and
grow strongly to activate all other types of toxins in the soul.
Therefore, each person's thoughts and actions must be
considered to avoid triggering other people's toxins.
4. "All things, events, phenomena, and everyone are our
teachers. Therefore, learners should learn everything well and
respect them."
You already know that all souls incarnate as humans to
practice in the human world to search for the three secrets
through the truth of the universe and the truth of
enlightenment in suffering. That means you must learn
everything from all things, phenomena, events, and people to
find the two truths to liberate misery. That is the content of
one of the four teachings of the first tuelinh.
When you learn any lesson from all things, events,
phenomena and people, you must consider them as your
teachers. Whether good or bad, humans are all teachers; all
are the truth of the universe because people can see the good
and evil nature of each person, soul, and everything. So, what
do you learn from them? That is:
- Through people who have toxins, learn lessons about
identifying and eliminating those toxins. It's about
understanding the hurtful thoughts and actions of those

Eliminate Toxins in Treating Yourself and Others

experiencing toxicity so that you don't think and practice like
them.
- Through those who practice kindness, learn those
lessons to activate your compassion. That is learning to
recognize good values , practice helping actions, and save
people, animals, and all species.
- Through children to learn lessons of holiness and
honesty from them. Each person should understand
children's honest and holy nature to help train the soul to
achieve balance through holy thoughts and actions.
- Through teachers to learn the lessons of dedication
and sacrifice they make for their students. In addition,
through teachers, each person will gain wisdom in the fastest
and most effective way. Teachers are the repository of
knowledge in each field and possibly enlightenment
knowledge. Therefore, the teacher is always the most
respected person in each person's life on the journey of
intellectual development.
- Through the wife, learn the lessons of love, care and
nurturing everything for family happiness.
- Through the husband, learn the lesson of resilience
and determination to overcome all difficulties and pressures
to build a career.
- Through parents, learn the lesson of love for children,
tolerance and sacrificing everything for children.
- Through brothers and sisters, we can learn solidarity
and protect each other.

- Through friends, you can learn sincere values and
intimate friendship to help each other overcome difficulties
and tribulations in life.
- Through national leaders, learn the lessons of fairness,
intelligence, and time dedication to the nation. In addition,
you also learn lessons about not letting their relatives affect
protecting the survival and prosperity of the country.
- Through the sages and enlightened beings to learn and
practice according to their transcendent wisdom.
- Through everyone: we learn toxic lessons from them,
so we don't follow them; we learn the lessons of kindness and
practice according to them. We should not let someone or
something constrain us to learn and practice according to
their toxins. For example , many people look down on young
children and do not learn from their honest qualities. In order
to defend the wrongs of their brothers and relatives, many
people practice those wrongs. Because they listen to their
wives, many husbands only know how to cultivate happiness
for their family but do not help and save people, animals, and
all species.
- Through animals to learn about their toxins and
goodness. From there, practice according to good deeds and
do not practice according to their toxic actions.
- Through the incident, learn lessons of toxicity and
kindness from everyone participating in the interaction in
that incident. It helps us understand ourselves and others.
- Through phenomena to understand their nature.
Phenomena are manifestations of nature. Therefore, to

Eliminate Toxins in Treating Yourself and Others

understand nature, observing phenomena over a long time is
necessary to obtain high reliability.
- Understanding when their toxins and goodness are
revealed and activated through all things. Understand how
they are linked and valuable to human life. From there, it
helps us identify and eliminate toxins and activate kindness
more effectively.
Because everything is everyone's teacher, so everyone
needs to respect them. Respect to control and eliminate your
toxins and not activate the toxins of others. Even if they are
cruel people, they are also their teachers when they show
lessons to not pract ice like them. Learn to respect and
practice according to people and teachers who help you gain
insight in all areas of life and enlightenment. Because they are
the teachers who help people practice the path of sustainable
transformation, everyone must appreciate them even more.
5. "No one is anyone else's teacher. Therefore, teachers
should not be arrogant and look down on learners."
No one is anyone's teacher, only those who teach
knowledge in various fields, those who teach knowledge to
everyone, and those who transmit enlightened wisdom to
others. That is the way to control and eliminate toxins as a
teacher. If teachers think they a re everyone's teacher, they
can quickly become arrogant. It causes toxins to control their
minds, and they will commit actions that hurt people.
You must remember that this way of controlling toxins
is only for your role as a teacher. Please do not underestimate
and disrespect the teacher who taught you the wisdom of life
and the wisdom of enlightenment because all is everyone's
teacher.

6. "No one can help or save anyone. Therefore, those who
help and save people should not think that they have helped and
saved people."
This way helps those who practice helping and saving
people, animals and all living things to learn how to control
their toxins. That is not being boastful or arrogant but
thinking you can help people with illness, accidents,
difficulties or tribulations. Everyone's helping and saving are
always respected and appreciated by others. Besides, positive
energy particles are produced in the souls of those who
practice good deeds. However, considering ourselves unable
to save anyone helps everyone eliminate the toxins of pride
and attachment when helping and saving people, animals and
everything. That is because, in reality, if you can help and save
someone, that is not protecting their inner soul. To save their
inner soul, you must eliminate toxins and practice helping
them gain enlightened wisdom. Because only enlightened
knowledge can help people's souls re-encode information and
practice sustainable transformation mechanisms. When they
do so, their karma will change positively, and they will
succeed on their practising journey.
This method is not for those who are helped and saved.
Therefore, when supported and protected, you must know
how to thank and respect the person who helped you. Take
that as a lesson to help and save others. Because of ignorance,
you should not think that no one can help and save you after
being helped and saved.
Please often focus on reading and listening to this
lecture so that this valuable enlightening information is re -
encoded in the yin and yang energy embryo. That's the best

Eliminate Toxins in Treating Yourself and Others

way to treat yourself and others. We must build a shining
moral example to spread the values of sustainable
development of enlightened wisdom and knowledge of the
smallest energy particle. You must always look at yourself as
the mirror every moment and eve ry day to eliminate toxins
and activate maximum kindness."
Thus, I wrote a series of unique lectures by him in the
course on healing physical diseases, mental illness and
ignorance of people in this book. In the following books, we
continue to receive and explore the magical enlightenment
knowledge and knowledge a bout energy particles from his
other lectures.

Completed book one, October 9, 2023
In Cebu City, Philippines.