Chapter Thirty-Nine

The Universe Will Be Destroyed By
Destructive Energy

Two brothers, Truong Nalanda and Duong Nalanda,
and I often talk together after dinner, next to the English
school's swimming pool. That's a place where we are studying
English together in Cebu City, Philippines. With the desire to
share the enlightened kn owledge of Master Nalas Nalanda
with all humanity in the world, we came to this beautiful city
to learn and practice English. Although learning a new
language is difficult, we have achieved initial achievements
and completed the first book. Every time I finish writing a few
chapters of the book, I give it to them to read. After that, their
positive feedback helped me write and organise his lectures
most effectively to help readers understand. All the book
chapters I rewrote are based on his lectures in clas s and on
those he taught us. The book's chapters are not in the
chronological order the teacher teaches. They are arranged by
value and effective sequence to help each person understand

the toxins, followed by the elimination of toxins and then the
practice of generating positive energy particles.
We always sat and chatted next to the school swimming
pool after dinner. However, this evening, there is more
moonlight and cool breezes. Truong Nalanda told me, "I have
finished reading book one. What you wrote in there is
amazing. You fully reproduced all of the teacher's knowledge
even though the lectures were not in chronological order. It
can be affirmed that no one can remember and analyse the
enlightened knowledge of teacher Nalas Nalanda like you. You
have rewritten and arranged his lectures in an e asy-to-
understand and logical way. That makes it easier for learners
to re -encode information in their yin and yang energy
embryos. In addition, those book chapters will help the
process of treating physical illness, mental illness, and
intelligence achiev e the fastest results. Do you know? My
brother and I came to his class because I had read a few
articles from some of his students. That information
stimulates and makes me greatly believe in the teacher's
knowledge. We don't go to class to learn magical p owers or
meditate. We want to understand ourselves and practice good
values for everyone. After several years of learning the
knowledge of the two truths and the smallest energy particle,
we have understood and vowed to devote our lives to
spreading that s pecial enlightened knowledge to everyone.
However, we missed many valuable lectures and milestones
he achieved before we met him. I know that you are the one
who is always next to the teacher; you are the only one who
understands all the knowledge and mile stones on the
teacher's practising journey. Therefore, I hope you will share

The Universe Will Be Destroyed By Destructive Energy

the teacher's milestone achievements and lectures for us and
everyone in the world to know. My wish is also the wish of
everyone in this world."
When I heard Truong Nalanda's confessions, I took a
deep breath and looked up at the sky. The bright moonlight
and cool breeze stood and ran across my face and hair. They
seemed happy and wanted to tell me to satisfy Truong
Nalanda's and everyone else's wishes. I smiled and said, "My
friend, even if you don't say it, even if the moonlight and the
wind don't encourage me, I still have to do it. That is my
mission. Our leaving home and being here is to practice our
mission. I have only finished the first book and have two more
to be written shortly. Writing down the teacher's knowledge
and lectures is not difficult for me. However, I need to
combine the stories of the teacher's practice lives in the
human world and this life with the lectures that form the most
valuable chapters of the book. It will help readers easily
understand and practice sustainable transformation to fulfil
their vows of practice in the human world. Therefore, rest
assured, I will write the teacher's enlightened knowledge in
three books. I n the second book, I will write about the
knowledge of energy particles and the universe's history.
That is complicated knowledge. Since I wrote a part about the
knowledge of energy particles in book one, I believe that
readers will find it easy to underst and when studying the
knowledge of energy particles in this second book. Do you
know? The knowledge about energy particles in this second
book is invaluable; it is the key to understanding the entire
truth of everything in and out of the universe. In addition, it is
the truth, the only path for each tuelinh to understand the

three secrets they are searching for and practice to attain the
unified Tao of the universe. In book one, I wrote down his
special enlightenment teachings when he combined the
knowledge of the smallest energy particle with the two truths.
These are miracul ous enlightened knowledge referenced by
the smallest energy particles so that learners will not be
misunderstood and practice incorrectly. I consider this
second book the most valuable and difficult to understand of
the three books about Nalas Nalanda's knowledge. Therefore,
readers need to receive each unit of knowledge combined
with the teacher's stories. That is the best way to help
learners easily receive knowledge to re -encode information
in tuelinh and practice knowledge in life most effectively."
I was quiet and looked up at the sky. I look deeply into
the universe, into the origin, into the past, into the emptiness
before the universe was formed after the Big Bang . That
feeling is difficult to express in words or written in books.
After immersion in the universe and the past, I asked
Truong Nalanda, "Which lecture do you want me to share?"
"About the decay and destruction of the tuelinhs in
particular and the universe in general. I want to understand
those things more deeply." Truong Nalanda replied.
"It is a huge amount of knowledge and not easy to
understand. However, I will write and analyse them in this
book. To partially understand the decay and destruction of
the tuelinhs and all matter in the universe, let your minds
blend with my memory of master Nalas Nalanda."
When immersed in the bright moonlight and cool
breezes, my memories took me back to one night in August
2018. I remember that, around that time, the enlightened

The Universe Will Be Destroyed By Destructive Energy

knowledge that the teacher was teaching to his students had
no teaching of the smallest energy particles. It was a
challenging time for the teacher as he tried to help his
students understand the knowledge he taught. Because there
is no knowledge of the sm allest energy particle, many
students misunderstand and practice incorrectly. Although he
could not hide his sadness when he saw his students unable
to overcome the challenges from the five messengers, he still
gradually received enlightened wisdom from his tuelinh after
going through the challenges. The teacher's enlightened
wisdom is encoded in the tuelinh within the teacher. That
enlightened knowledge will be transmitted to the brain when
the teacher experiences suffering and challenges in life. Many
people have wondered why he has such wisdom. He also
answered that those pearls of wisdom do not come naturally.
That special enlightened knowledge was stored in positive
and super -energy particles in past lives. That is, through
practice in the human world for many lives, he understood the
truth and the path to full enlightenment, and then he
practised spreading the knowledge of enlightenment to
everyone. As a result, the teacher's tuelinh produces energy
particles with the informational value that develop s
sustainably, which is enlightened wisdom. When the teacher's
tuelinh incarnates as a human to practice and perform tasks,
the wisdom of the tuelinh will be blocked as soon as the body
is born. He will regain wisdom from the tuelinh and even
develop his wi sdom to become more remarkable when he
goes through all the tribulations and trials. His tuelinh will
show him the memories of past lives and achievements when
going through difficulties and trials in the human world.

Besides, the tuelinh will return to his origin through the
teacher's sleep to teach other tuelinhs. At such times, the
teacher's wisdom receives enlightened wisdom from the
tuelinh. This process causes the teacher's wisdom to have the
whole wisdom of the t uelinh and constantly upgrade his
wisdom to reach perfection in each life of practice in the
human world.
Just like when the teacher's tuelinh transmitted
enlightenment wisdom to the teacher, that night, his tuelinh
waited for his body to fall asleep and move into the universe.
Unlike previous times, this time, Nalas Nalanda did not return
to heaven; instead, he travelled across the universe to visit the
majesty of all life forms. Sometimes, he transforms into a giant
tuelinh covering many galaxies; other times, he transforms
into a mature tuelinh like a human. When preaching to other
tuelinhs about the destruc tion of the entire universe, he
transformed into a giant tuelinh. When preaching to the
tuelinhs about the destruction of tuelinhs, he transformed
into a mature tuelinh. At such times, other tuelinhs were also
changed; they were always children next to a great father.
At that time, on a vast planet, Nalas Nalanda was
teaching the knowledge of energy particles to many other
tuelinhs. He sat on a massive block of rock; the tuelinhs sat
below and listened attentively to his teachings. A child
immediately asked, "Father! Ho w is tuelinh disintegrated
when destructive energy attacks?"
Nalas Nalanda replied, “When the tuelinh is attacked by
a small amount of destructive energy, at the location where
the destructive energy enters, a phenomenon of decay will
occur. That means that at those points, the bond -breaking

The Universe Will Be Destroyed By Destructive Energy

process will occur between clusters of positive energy
particles. At that time, the informational waves from the yin
and yang embryo cannot pass through the clusters of positive
energy particles because the transmission path of neutral
particles is cut off . In addition, the synthesized negative
energy particles are disintegrated and store the excess heat of
destructive energy. Positive energy particles lose heat and
also keep excess heat of destructive energy. The extra heat of
the destructive energy is brown, so the energy particles of the
tuelinh, when infected with that heat, also become brown
energy particles. This process will cause infection from points
infected with destructive energy to spread to surrounding
particle clusters. You can understand that when the tuelinh is
disintegrated by the energy of destruction, it is like a human
being with metastatic cancer. Each location where the tuelinh
is attacked by destructive energy is like a malignant tumour
appearing on the human body. Many tuelinhs will b e struck
by destructive energy in many locations. That depends on the
clusters of energy particles with many harmful energy
particles in each tuelinh. You should remember that the
tuelinh is attacked by destructive energy because there is an
excess of harm ful energy particles in the system of yin and
yang energy particles within themselves. Excessive harmful
energy particles will cause more destructive energy particles
to enter and decompose the soul faster. Such a decomposition
process will cause pain and information disorder in the
energy particle system. You can see that when tuelinhs
incarnate into humans and practice the mechanism of
producing harmful energy particles. Those people lose
control of their thoughts and behaviour when destructive

energy invades and disintegrates every part of their souls. In
addition, you have also experienced it when you have
witnessed many tuelinhs completely disintegrate when
attacked by a large amount of destructive energy when they
had not yet incarnated into humans.
Before transforming into humans to practice, many
souls were entirely disintegrated by the energy of
destruction. Storms of destructive energy exist everywhere in
the universe. They are both a threat to the survival of tuelinhs
and all life in the universe and the source for the existence and
development of all life in the universe. People call destructive
energy storms black holes in the galaxy. In the space of the
destructive energy storm, countless destructive energy
particles are contained. If the tueli nhs move into their space,
they will immediately crumble and become discrete brown
energy particles. There will be no more electric waves or
connections between the energy particles of the tuelinh. That
is the complete cessation of the life of the tuelinh.
Additionally, as tuelinhs move around the space of
destructive energy particles, they are also easily completely
disintegrated if a large amount of destructive energy moves
into them. As a result, their lives will end.”
Another tuelinh asked, “Father! Is there any difference
between tuelinhs moving into the space of the energy of
destruction?”
He replied, “Of course, there is a difference when
tuelinhs with different energy particle structures move into
the energy space of destruction. That is:
- If tuelinh has excess negative energy particles, the
decay process is very fast, and no other reactions occur. The

The Universe Will Be Destroyed By Destructive Energy

reason is that the tuelinh's positive energy particle system
does not have enough positive heat to create explosive
reactions when decomposed by destructive energy.
- If the tuelinh has a balanced structure between the
combined yin and yang energy particles, the decomposition
and explosion process will occur in the tuelinh. The reason is
that the positive heat of the positive energy particle system
reacts with the att ack of many destructive energy particles,
forming explosions in the tuelinh. As a result, the tuelinh
decomposes and explodes, leading to destruction.
- If the tuelinhs transforms the yin and yang energy
embryo into a single energy filter or a dual energy filter, they
will not be disintegrated or destroyed when moving into the
space of destructive energy. When moving into the
destructive or destructive e nergy area attacking them, their
yin and yang embryos will operate as factories producing new
super-energy particles. The source for the production of
super-energy particles is destructive energy particles.
From the above three cases, you can see that when you
transform the yin and yang embryo into an energy filter, you
will not be destroyed by the destructive energy. In particular,
you will have the power to transform destructive energy into
super-energy par ticles. That is why all tuelinhs must
incarnate into humans to practice in the human world. You
will complete your practice plan in the human world when
you obtain the energy filter in the yin and yang energy
embryo."
Then, Nalas Nalanda continued to tell the children,
"Children, I tell you that the universe is running out of energy
for movement and existence. Iridescent yellow super -energy

particles are insufficient to protect the universe from the
massive attack of destructive energy from outer space. If the
right day and time come and my body in the human world
does not achieve enlightenment and merge with me to
transform the yin and yang energy embryo into a dual filter,
the entire universe will be destroyed. When my yin and yang
energy embryo transforms into a double filter, the lapis lazuli
super-energy particles will be produced by me. At that time,
the new super -energy will have dual p ower to protect the
universe from destructive energy attacks."
At that time, the children immediately asked him,
"Father! What will the universe look like when it decays?"
At that time, Nalas Nalanda used his miracle and
transformed into a giant tuelinh. He also changed the children
to become bigger. However, they were still like children when
standing next to him. Then he raised his right hand forward,
pushed it to the right, and spoke to the tuelinhs. "Look at those
galaxies. When the universe runs out of energy to protect and
maintain movement, destructive energy will enter at a
breakneck speed. Every life, every galaxy, every planet
crumbled and became a brown smoke. This process happens
very quickly. As a result, all matter in the universe turns into
discrete particles of destructive energy. All create a brown
colour that covers the entire universe."
After the image of the universe's destruction that will
occur in the future was simulated by Nalas Nalanda, he and
the tuelinhs transformed into smaller bodies. They returned
to the planet where he was teaching them about the
knowledge of energy particles. At that time, a tuelinh asked
him, "Father! When you simulated the process of the universe

The Universe Will Be Destroyed By Destructive Energy

decaying, I did not see the explosive reaction between planets
with destructive energy. Why didn't that reaction happen?"
He replied, "My children, the process by which all
things in the universe react when attacked by the energy of
destruction is the same as the tuelinh reacts with the energy
of destruction. It has three cases:
- If the universe runs out of energy, the universe will
decay very quickly, and no explosion will occur. The reason is
that the universe no longer has the positive power to detonate
destructive energy.
- If the universe has planets containing positive heat,
they will create explosions when destructive energy enters.
However, they quickly decay because that positive heat is not
enough to resist the decay of destructive energy. As a result,
the universe cannot escape destruction.
- If the universe has a dual energy filter to produce lapis
lazuli superparticles of energy, the universe will prevent the
attack of destructive energy. In addition, from that dual -
energy filter, we will create a destructive energy hibernation
mechanism. I call it the particle of fire. It is a type of energy
particle formed from the d ormancy of destructive energy
particles.
Hey, my kids. When I teach this knowledge to you, it
means I am teaching the wisdom of enlightenment and truth
to my body in the human world. Now, I and all life forms in the
universe look forward to a new enlightenment and union
between me and my body to transform the single energy filter
into a dual energy filter. If successful, I will create a new era
for the earth and the universe. If I fail, everything will perish.
Because I have a single energy filter, I will not be destroyed,

but I will have to rebuild the universe's life from the
beginning. Of course, I don't want this to happen."
The tuelinhs contributed ideas to Nalas Nalanda to help
his body gain direction to quickly achieve enlightenment and
transform the yin and yang embryo into a dual energy filter.
However, Nalas Nalanda immediately told them, "The
methods you have proposed a re not suitable and ineffective.
To transform into a dual energy filter is very simple with our
physical form. That is to merge my energy particles with the
five groups of energy particles that make up the universe. It
means that I am everything in the universe, and everything in
the universe is me. If my body can do that, I will transform
from a single energy filter to a dual one."
After Nalas Nalanda preached to the tuelinhs and also
imparted wisdom to his body, he returned to his body. That
mission is indeed challenging for a human being.
Truong Nalanda asked me, "What was the result?"
I laughed and replied, "Of course, it was successful
because he was the incarnation of the first tuelinh. On the
night of October 12, 2018, he achieved enlightenment and
transformed the yin and yang energy embryo of tuelinh into a
dual energy filter. The surprising thing was that that night and
the following days, when the teacher had not told anyone
about the event, many students saw lapis lazuli super-energy
particles moving into them while meditating. After the
teacher explained it to them, they understo od that he had
achieved the first achievement on his practice journey in the
human world. The master's wisdom has successfully
transformed the yin and yang energy embryo into a dual
energy filter. Lapis lazuli blue super -energy particles and

The Universe Will Be Destroyed By Destructive Energy

several other types of super -energy particles are also
produced from that energy filter. As a result, all things in the
universe are safe and are entering a new phase of prosperity.
After that event, he successfully transformed the special
enlightened know ledge into knowledge combining the two
truths and the smallest energy particle."
Truong Nalanda immediately said, "It's a pity that I
couldn't witness his achieving that complete enlightenment.
However, I was so lucky to know and learn special
enlightenment knowledge from you and from the chapters
you rewrote."
I smiled and said to the two Truong Nalanda brothers,
"Please look forward to the next interesting and invaluable
chapters. The teacher has transformed that special
knowledge to help readers easily understand and practice in
human life. When people study and practice exactly what the
teacher teaches, they will successfully transform their yin and
yang energy embryos into energy filters."
Duong Nalanda immediately asked, "So, is the universe
no longer in danger of destruction by destructive energy?"
"Yes, when he successfully transformed the yin and
yang energy embryo into a dual energy filter, the universe
became safe and opened a new era of prosperity. However,
the tuelinhs will be destroyed if they do not learn and practice
according to the teacher's knowledge." I answer.