Chapter Forty

Ancestral Particles

One morning, in the Teacher's office, there were some
mentally ill people and a few students listening to the teacher
lecture about the soul. When the Teacher preached
information related to the soul, the patients felt sleepy and
had headaches. A woman imm ediately asked, "Teacher, I felt
very sleepy and had a headache when you analysed the soul.
I don't understand why that phenomenon happens. Is that a
problem, Teacher?"
He said, "It is normal for people with mental illness and
illness. Even when people with normal health hear
information about the soul, the universe, and the origin, they
also have body reactions. That's because the information gap
in each person's soul creates reactions, the gap between the
lack or distortion of information in the soul and the
abundance of information from the knowledge of the two
truths. When a huge amount of information for sustainable
development is loaded into each person through liste ning to
a lecture, it will react with the information inside the soul and
body of the learner. Reactions only occur when people receive
accurate and evolving knowledge of the universe and the soul.

In particular, reactions occur more strongly when learners
receive complex information within the energy particle, that
is, the knowledge of the energy particle. That's why you have
drowsiness and headaches when listening to lectures about
the soul and energy particles. You should be happy because it
shows that your soul is recoding information so that your soul
becomes healthier."
Another woman immediately said, "Teacher, before I
met you, I also listened to your lectures on social networks.
Because I am not sick, I did not see any reactions, although I
also learned about the reactions when listening to your
lecture. However, when I heard the teacher lecture directly, I
felt hot and had a slight headache. There is a difference
between listening to your lecture directly and video lectures.
Teacher, why is there such a difference?"
The Teacher replied, "The difference is that when
people listen to my lectures directly, the soul inside me
practises the production of sustainable energy particles with
valuable information. That information moves directly to the
learner. You can understa nd that, from the yin and yang
energy embryo of my tuelinh, super -energy particles are
produced and transmitted into your soul. However, when you
listen to and learn my lectures through books or videos, you
receive valuable information for sustainable deve lopment.
Because of that difference, direct learners will have stronger
reactions, and the patient will recover faster than if they read
books and listened to my video lectures. These phenomena
are related to the mechanism of production and connection of
energy particles in the operating mechanism of the law of

Ancestral Particles

cause and effect. Later, when you learn about the law of cause
and effect, you will understand it."
A man asked the Teacher, "Teacher, I know that in your
knowledge, it is mentioned that God is the first tuelinh and the
father of all things in the universe. He is also a Buddha
because he has attained the unifying Tao of the universe.
However, I don't kno w how he created everything and the
universe. Can you explain it to us better?"
The Teacher replied, "So you still need to read all of my
knowledge, so you don't understand how everything was
born from the first tuelinh. Understanding the origin is
essential for every tuelinh practising in the human world.
When people do not believe or do not know about their origin,
they are like people who have lost their memory. Therefore,
they will not have the strength to carry out their spiritual
mission in the human world. Having faith and understanding
about the origin will help each soul withi n a person great
power to overcome all the tribulations and sufferings in the
practice environment. As a result, they will quickly achieve
success on their practice journey.
The way the first tuelinh created all things and the
universe was an endless journey. The process by which he
was born, and then all things in the universe, must be based
on some operating mechanisms of ancestral wave-particles,
destructive energy particles, and energy particles with
negative and positive electric waves. All of this is a
tremendous amount of knowledge. Therefore, I cannot
explain it in just a few hours or days. You need patience and
receive each unit of informa tion in the lectures on energy
particles and ancestral wave-particles. It is a journey of

cosmic history. For you and everyone to understand the
origin of humans, tuelinhs and the universe, you must
understand the ancestral particles. The ancestral particle is
the starting point for forming life forms in and out of the
universe."
One of the students said, "Teacher, even though I have
heard you lecture many times about roots and ancestral
particles, I am always interested and excited every time you
lecture about them. Because every time I listen to your
lecture, I understand more se crets about my roots and
ancestral particles. It's not just me; many people also feel the
same way."
After enjoying the tea, the Teacher said, "Today, I will
analyze the ancestral particles in detail. It includes their
nature and operating mechanisms. Therefore, please
remember what I said; it will help your soul receive
information about the truth of the universe's origin. At that
time, you will have the power to re-encode information for yin
and yang embryos and practice the mechanism of sustainable
transformation.
Why do I call it an ancestor particle? – Because from
that particle, life forms such as destructive energy, the first
tuelinh, all things in the universe are created. In addition, it
can be called the source particle.
The ancestral particle is the wave -particle. The wave-
particles are green, like the colour of young banana leaves.
Wave-particles are many times smaller than the smallest
energy particles. The wave-particle is just a tiny round dot.
When the ancestral wave-particles were born in
endless space, there were no energy particles, including

Ancestral Particles

destructive ones. Annihilation energy particles are born from
wave-particles. Then, wave-particles transformed into energy
particles with negative and positive electric waves that make
up all things in the universe. That is why the wave -particle is
called the ancestral particle.
Do you know where the ancestral particle comes from?
– It is born from singularities in space. Those singularities are
like doors connecting to space containing particles smaller
than the smallest energy particles. Ancestral wave-particles
were born and moved in spiral orbits from those doors
connecting space. Remember, they move in a spiral orbit.
Because of this genetic characteristic, all matter and the
universe rotate and move in a spiral.
The environment in space at that time had no heat,
meaning there was no negative or positive heat. It can be
understood that wave-particles are generated and move in an
environment without heat.
During my journey of teaching knowledge about energy
particles and the two truths, many people asked me about the
secrets inside the door of space that generates wave-particles.
I answered that humans need another seven million years to
verify the smallest energy particles of super-complex matter.
Then, I will reveal the truths inside those doors of space.
Please try to remember and apply the knowledge of the two
truths and the smallest particle of energy in your life to
improve your wisdom. These achievements are proof of what
I teach you.
When each wave-particle is created, it does not yet
store any information value. However, wave-particles have a
great energy value. Energy values become valuable if

detonated or converted into different energy particles. The
moving process will cause them to generate heat and encode
information from the outside environment. The process of
encoding data is the process of transforming its nature to
become destructive en ergy and yin and yang energy. To
become different types of energy particles, ancestral wave-
particles must move in different environments. When moving
in different environments, the amount and value of encoded
information will determine the characteristics of the type of
energy particles they transform into.
Remember, when wave-particles are created and move
in an environment without positive or negative heat, they will
move straight and in a spiral orbit. They move straight, which
means they do not spin around themselves as they move. You
can imagine the earth revolving around itself as it moves to
create day and night. Compare the planet's movement with
the ancestral wave-particles when the wave-particles do not
rotate when moving. However, when the ancestral particles
move into an environment with negative or positive heat, they
will spin around themselves as they move. Because of those
two differences, the same wave-particles transform into
different types of energy particles when they move into
different environments.
The rate at which ancestral wave-particles transform
and encode information depends on the environment in
which they move:
- In an environment without heat: wave-particles
generate heat slowly by movement without the impact of heat
generation from the outside atmosphere. Additionally,
because they move straight in a heatless environment, the

Ancestral Particles

amount of information encoded is small and limited. As a
result, the wave-particles are transformed into destructive
energy particles.
- In an environment with positive heat, wave-particles
generate heat faster during movement and encode more
information than in environments without heat or negative
heat environments. Because the ancestral particles move in a
positive thermal environment, they change more quickly and
spin around as they mov e. Positive heat from the
environment causes the wave-particle to generate heat faster,
and a spinning mechanism appears. That causes the wave-
particles to encode much information and convert them into
positive energy particles.
- In an environment with negative heat, The ancestral
wave-particles encode more information than in an
environment without heat. In addition, the wave -particle
rotates as it moves through this medium. At the end of the
movement of wave-particles in a negative thermal
environment, after moving through many environments, they
will transform into harmful energy particles. Moving through
environments and encoding information causes harmful
energy particles to have different amounts of toxicity."
A student asked the teacher, "Teacher, does it mean
that to understand the nature and truth of oneself and other
tuelinhs, all things and the energy of destruction, the people
must understand the ancestral particle?"
The teacher replied, "That's right. To people and
tuelinhs fully understand those three secrets, everyone must
understand the knowledge of the smallest energy particle.
However, everyone who wants to understand the smallest

particles must understand the ancestral particles because
different types of matter are formed in and outside the
universe from the ancestral wave-particles. Through
ancestral particles that are born and move in different
environments, they will create different types of energy
particles with different mechanisms and natures of
movement. From there, we will understand the cause and
nature of all things in an d out of the universe. Of course, to
thoroughly understand all the secrets of all things, everyone
must understand the nature and operating mechanism of
each type of energy particle.