Chapter Forty-One

Destructive Energy Particles and Their
Intelligence

After the lunch break, everyone drank tea together and
waited for the teacher to give a new lesson. A student said to
everyone, "Do you know why you must learn about ancestral
particles when you want to understand the truth of
everything in and out of the universe? – The ancestral particle
has not yet encoded information, and the energy state inside
the wave-particle has not been generated. However, after the
wave-particles move into different environments, they will
change their nature, and the value of the encoded information
will also differ. The transformation process of all material
structures within and outside the universe, intelligence and
humans has made understanding them difficult. Tuelinhs and
humans cannot understand the nature of all things without
understanding their past, present and future. To understand
the secrets of all things in and out of the universe, we must
decode the truth of the original particle. The original particle
here is the ancestral particle. Because the ancestral particle
has not changed its nature and encoded the information
inside, it is the ideal start to decipher the truth of all things.

In addition, there is another secret of everything that
the teacher has taught many times: that information forms
into energy particles. That means that different energy
particles are created depending on the amount of varying
information values. For examp le, suppose a wave -particle
moves into a positive thermal environment and encodes
much developmental information. In that case, the wave -
particle will transform into a positive energy particle with
developmental properties. If the wave -particle moves into a
negative thermal environment and encodes the missing
information, the wave-particle will transform into a negative
energy particle. Therefore, if we understand the truth of
ancestral particles before they transform into the smallest
energy particles and larger physical structures, we will
understand all the secrets of all things in and out of space."
One of the patients said, "When I listened to you and the
teacher talk about ancestral particles, I understood that
ancestral particles are particles born from singularities; they
have not yet stored information inside and have not yet
transformed their na ture when born. After moving through
different environments, they change their nature and
transform into different types of energy particles. The
differences in encoded information values constitute
different types of energy particles. In particular, infor mation
is the inner secret of energy particles. From different
information values, different types of energy particles are
formed."
The teacher interrupted everyone and expressed
surprise, "It is wonderful that you have understood and
remembered essential knowledge about ancestral particles.

Destructive Energy Particles and Their Intelligence

By understanding the knowledge of the ancestral wave -
particle to the smallest energy particle, everyone will have the
wisdom of the two truths to decode and understand all the
truths of all things in and out of the universe, tuelinhs and
people. Also, when interacting in different environments,
people will quickly understand the value of negative and
positive information. That is the value of understanding the
knowledge of the two truths with the smallest energy particle.
This morning, I analysed the knowledge about
ancestral particles. Therefore, this afternoon, I will continue
to help you understand the destructive energy particles."
One person asked the teacher, "Teacher, why are they
called annihilation energy particles and not by another
name?"
The teacher said, "Why? The name doesn't matter. It is
essential to understand their nature and all things. To
understand why they are called destructive energy particles,
you must know that all things in the universe today include
matter inside and outside the universe. The universe consists
of countless galaxies arranged from the inside out to form a
giant cosmic. All the matter inside the giant cosmic is called
matter inside the universe. Outside the universe is endless
space. In that space, ancestral wave-particles and destructive
energy particles exist.
Matter inside and outside the universe has the
following differences:
- Matter outside the universe is the destructive energy
particles transformed from ancestral particles. The life form
of the annihilating energy particle is the first type of energy
particle that the wave -particle transforms into. Annihilating

particles do not have a mechanism to connect to form larger
physical structures, so they exist in the structure of the
smallest discrete particles.
- Matter is energy particles with positive and negative
electric waves inside the universe. They are formed from the
transformation of ancestral particles after the appearance of
the life form of annihilating energy particles. From a magical
yin and yang e nergy embryo, it undergoes a process of
production and connection to create a Big Bang. Then came
the appearance of the first tuelinh and all things in the
universe as they are today. Material structures in the universe
all have mechanisms of connection an d production, so they
have evolved to become material structures more extensive
than the smallest particles.
When destructive energy particles enter the material
structures of the universe, those structures will disintegrate
and become destructive energy particles. They will no longer
be physical structures with connections between the smallest
particles. Besides , they no longer have negative or positive
electric waves. The reason is the difference in information
value and internal energy state of annihilation particles and
particles of the universe. When the tuelinhs and all things in
the universe are decomposed and destroyed by particles
outside the universe, they are called destructive energy
particles. You need to understand that, to understand the
nature of all things and the annihilating energy particles, all
tuelinhs must incarnate as humans to practice in t he human
world. The tuelinh's process of cultivating suffering in the
human world is to create reactions between the tuelinh's
energy particles and the energy of destruction. As a result, the

Destructive Energy Particles and Their Intelligence

first tuelinh decoded the truth of all types of particles in and
out of the universe. Then, he transformed his yin and yang
energy embryo into a dual energy filter to produce super -
energy particles."
A woman asked the teacher, "So, the particle of
destruction is the first child of the ancestral particle. Is that
right, teacher?"
The teacher replied, "That is right. Wave-particles are
the source of destructive energy particles. You can
understand that the annihilation energy particle is the first
child of the ancestral particle. The next child is the energy
particles with negative and positive electric waves that make
up the universe. Understanding the origin of the formation of
destructive energy particles will help tuelinhs and humans
appreciate their nature. That is extremely important in
decoding the truth about the most dangerous toxin in and out
of the universe.
The journey of wave-particles transforming into
destructive energy particles is as follows: When each wave -
particle is generated from singular points, it moves straight
and does not rotate around itself in a heatless environment. It
can be seen that the living environment of wave-particles at
that time was an environment without heat. Because there is
no heat, the wave-particles need much time to move in a spiral
orbit. The moving process causes the wave-particles to
generate heat and transform into intelle ctual wave code
fibres. Wave-particle transformation is the process of storing
information from the outside environment in the wave -
particle. After a long movement and transformation, the
wave-particles have transformed into intellectual wave code

fibres and retain data on their journey. As a result, the wave -
particle is transformed into a destructive energy particle.
Thus, destructive energy particles are formed by generating
wave-particles and moving in a spiral orbit in a heatless
environment.
Initially, a few particles of destructive energy were
born, but countless particles of destructive energy were
formed after an endless period. The remarkable development
of annihilation energy has created a new form of life in infinite
space after the life form of wave-particles. The destructive
energy particles have covered a large area and are constantly
growing by transforming wave-particles into new
annihilation energy particles. Thus, the life form of the
annihilating energy particle was formed after the life form of
the wave-particle, which is the product of the wave -particle.
However, there is a difference between wave-particles and
destructive energy particles: annihilation energy particles
have valuable information stored inside, while wave-particles
do not yet encode data. That shows that there has been an
evolution and development of the structure and intelligence
of destructive energy particles from wave-particles."
A student asked the teacher, "Teacher, what is the
difference in particle structure between wave-particles and
annihilation energy particles?"
After looking at everyone, the teacher used a pen to
draw the structure of annihilation energy particles on the
board. At that time, everyone looked attentively at the teacher
and the images he had drawn. When he finished drawing, the
teacher let everyone look at it without saying a word. After
waiting a while, the teacher began to lecture:

Destructive Energy Particles and Their Intelligence

"The wave -particle is just a tiny green dot, and no
information value is stored there. The wave -particle has yet
to generate an energy state. You can understand that wave-
particles are the original embryos that upgrade into
destructive energy particles and then electric wave energy.
That is the structure of the annihilation energy particle.
The annihilation energy particle comprises three parts: the
intellectual wave code fibre, the energy state and the shape of
the particle. The transformation from wave-particles forms
the three parts of an annihilation energy particle. As follows:
- Intellectual wave code fibre: the intelligence wave
code fibre has the same green colour as the green colour of
the wave-particles, which is the same green colour as young
banana leaves. The reason is that the wave-particles have not
been completely transformed in an environment without
heat. That causes the intellectual wave code of the
annihilation energy particle to have many energy states that
have not yet been born. It can be understood that because the
wave-particles have not been completely transfo rmed, they
are called destructive energy particles. The intellectual wave
code of the annihilation energy particle is stored in the
information value of the external environment of the wave-
particle's transformation process. It is where the functions,
tasks and nature of destructive energy particles are defined.

- Shape of the particle: the annihilation energy particle
is oval. It is a protective film for the destructive energy
particles formed during the wave-particles' transformation
into the intellectual wave code fibres of the annihilation
energy particles. When the wave-particle generates heat due
to moving in a non -thermal environment, the wave -particle
transforms and forms an intellectual wave code fibre. That
transformation process forms a covering for the energy
particle.
- Energy state: the energy state of the annihilation
energy particle is brown. The brown colour is the state of
decay inside when the destructive energy particle has no
mechanism to connect with other annihilation energy
particles to circulate and balance the electric waves.
Therefore, the heat generated from the intellectual wave code
rots and becomes toxic to the destructive energy particle. In

Destructive Energy Particles and Their Intelligence

addition, the poison of the annihilation particles causes
disintegration to all physical structures within the universe
and tuelinhs. The energy state of the annihilating particle is
the heat generated from point number two in the particle's
intellectual wave code. It quickly becomes boiling because it
has no mechanism to bond with other energetic particles.
The structure of destructive energy particles is similar
to that of energy particles with positive and negative electric
waves. However, annihilation energy particles do not have a
mechanism to bond between particles to develop into larger
physical structures. In addition, because they are born in an
environment without heat, they do not have a mechanism to
spin around themselves when moving. Those are two
significant differences in the annihilation energy particles
that everyone must know because, from thi s difference,
everyone will understand their intellectual nature."
Another student immediately said to the teacher,
"Teacher, please teach us about the wisdom of destructive
energy particles."
He said, "Wisdom is the informational value encoded
within and constitutes the essence of all things. Therefore, to
understand the nature of all things, you must understand
their Wisdom." Then, the teacher drew a description of the
intellectual wave code o f the destructive energy particle on
the board.

"Look closely at the image above; it is the structure of
the intellectual wave code fibre of the destructive energy
particle. The nature and information value of this type of
energy particle are all contained in the intellectual wave code.
Have you underst ood their intelligence after observing the
wisdom wave code of the annihilating particles?"
Everyone replied, "It is incomprehensible, teacher.
Observing and seeing all things, people, tuelinhs, even the
wisdom wave code is just seeing. It cannot help tuelinhs and
humans understand their wisdom. Therefore, observing the
intellectual wave code of destructive energy particles cannot
help us understand their intelligence."

Destructive Energy Particles and Their Intelligence

The teacher laughed and said, "That's right. Seeing and
knowing cannot help tuelinhs, and humans understand the
wisdom of all things. To understand and have knowledge of
all things, they must go through the process of reaction and
interaction of all things over a long period. That reaction
process will reveal the nature of all things. The next is
practices to verify the nature through the phenomena of the
reactions. That is how my tuelinh has understood everything
and built a sustainable path of transformation for myself and
all tuelinhs.
To understand the intelligence of the destructive
energy particle, we must decode the information values in the
particle's intelligence wave code as follows:
- The structure of the wisdom wave code fibre: the
wisdom wave code fibre of the destructive energy particles is
similar to that of the wisdom wave code fibre of the negative
and positive energy particles. It consists of three points
(points No. 1, No. 2 a nd No. 3) and two segments (vibration
code segment and intellectual fibre segment):
+ Point number (1): That is the information collection
point. That is a part of the incompletely changed wave -
particle of the transformation process. Through this point, it
stores all information during movement. In addition, it has the
critical task of receiving vibration signals of other types of
energy particles and matter.
+ Point number (2): That is the ideology point. That is
the largest part of the wave -particle that has not yet
completely transformed. Through this point, it synthesizes all
stored information and encodes it into functions and tasks for
the destructive energy particle. It can be understood that the

ideological point is the intellectual convergence point of point
(1) and the vibration code. In addition, at point (2), the
particle's heat is generated and forms the essence of the
destructive energy particle.
+ Point number (3): That is the information
transmission point. That is also a part of the wave -particle
that is not wholly transformed in the final stage of the
transformation into an annihilation particle. Through this
point, it is responsible for transmitting information to form a
mechanism to link data with other destructive energy
particles. However, it is not a mechanism that links
annihilation energy particles to form a physical structure
larger than the smallest energy particle. In addition, through
this point, the excess heat in the particle will be discharged
from itself.
+ Vibrational code: From point (1) to point (2). This
segment stores the entire information value of the wave-
particle's transformation as it moves. Because the moving
medium of the wave-particle is an environment without heat,
the wave -particle only changes into a few vibrations. The
rhythms of the vibration code store all information about the
atmosphere in which they m ove, such as images of wave-
particles, images of other destructive energy particles, and
the movement process itself. The information is s imple, and
the environment is heat-free. The information in the vibration
code is converted into functions and tasks for the energy
particles at the ideological point of the intellectual wave code
strand.
+ Intellectual strand: From point (2) to point (3). That
is the section that implements the functions and tasks

Destructive Energy Particles and Their Intelligence

specified in ideological point number (2). It is the interactions
and actions that come with particles and other matter.
- Through the structure of the wisdom wave code fibre
of the destructive energy particle, we decode the wisdom of
the annihilation energy particle as follows:
+ The amount of information encoded in the intellectual
wave code of the annihilation particle is limited. It only stores
information about wave -particle life forms, destructive
energy particles, and heatless living environments. The
reason is that this ty pe of particle is the first evolutionary
product of wave-particles, so there is no richness in the
environment and other life forms. That means that
annihilation particles encode information and have more
intelligence than wave-particles.
+ Because the intellectual wave code of the destructive
energy particle has yet to be thoroughly transformed, it
creates toxins in this particle. It causes the annihilation
particles to quickly gain excess heat as they move and risk
self-detonation if the extra heat is not promptly removed from
the particle. The excess heat of the annihilation particle will
cause physical structures and other energy particles to rot
and decay. Therefore, the excess heat of annihilation particles
is the heat that causes deat h to all types of matter in and
outside the universe.
It can be understood that the intelligence of
annihilating particles is a type of intelligence that lacks
information because it is formed in an environment without
heat. Environmental limitations prevent them from
completely transforming, so their intelle ctual wave code
remains a wave -particle. The only difference from a wave -

particle is that it stores a certain amount of information and
forms the structure of an energy particle with three
constituent elements (intellectual wave code, energy state,
and particle shape). Because destructive energy particles are
formed in an environment without negative or positive heat,
they do not have a mechanism to rotate around themselves
when moving. In addition, they do not have a mechanism to
link with other destructive energy particles to develop into
larger physical structures and balance the energy state within
them. These constitute the intellectual nature of the
annihilation energy particles. Those natures differ from the
nature of energy particles with negative and positive electric
waves that make up life forms within the universe.”
After a while for everyone to think about what was said,
the teacher continued his lecture, “Through the structure and
intellectual nature of the destructive energy particles,
everyone will realize the positive value and the negativity that
this type of pa rticle brings to life forms in the universe.
However, to help you thoroughly understand the values of
this type of particle, I will analyze it so you can understand
more about their movement process.
As the destructive energy particles increased in
number, their life forms became crowded and dense.
Additionally, they quickly become overheated internally
because there is no spinning and bonding mechanism. This
process exposes them to the risk of being d etonated from
within them. As a natural result, when destructive energy
particles with excess heat gather in dense density, they are
blasted by the rapidly increasing heat in the area where they
gather. That marks a change in the habitat of wave and

Destructive Energy Particles and Their Intelligence

demolition particles, which is the appearance of a positive
thermal environment at the explosion of annihilation energy
particles. After the first explosion, more similar explosions
appeared. That means that small spaces containing positive
heat from explo sions also appear more. Besides areas with
positive heat, environments with their opposite heat
somehow appear, which are negative heat environments.
When the living space of the destructive particles
appears, two more living environments are the environment
with negative heat and positive heat, which promotes the
diverse development of life. In areas with positive heat, wave-
particles move in and transform into energy particles with
positive electric waves. Conversely, in regions with negative
heat, the annihilation particles discharge excess internal heat,
preventing the risk of detonation. In later lectures, I will
continue to analyse this process when discussing yin and yang
energy.
From the structure, intellectual nature and movement
of destructive energy particles, I show you the positive and
negative values they bring to the life forms that make up the
universe. Of course, you need to understand the intelligence
of the groups of en ergy particles that make up the universe,
tuelinhs and humans in the following lessons to understand
the intelligence and nature of destructive energy particles
thoroughly. Now, we continue to explore the values of the
annihilation particle:
- Positive value of destructive particles:
+ The heat from the explosion of annihilation energy
particles is life for energy particles with negative or positive
electric waves. It can be affirmed that when the destructive

energy particles are detonated, they will bring life to all things
in the universe and tuelinhs.
+ The destructive energy particles detonated by the
rapid heat generation process from within them and from the
outside environment are the value that tuelinhs and life forms
in the universe can exploit. The tuelinhs can take advantage
of this weakness of the annihilation particles to detonate
them and use that heat to serve the sustainable development
and transformation of the tuelinhs and all things in the
universe.
- Negative value of destructive particles:
+ An environment with negative heat or energy
structures, material structures in the universe with negative
heat, is ideal for destructive energy particles to release excess
heat. That is the problem that causes the destruction of
countless tuelinhs and ph ysical structures in the universe
because the life forms of the universe are made up of negative
energy particles.
+ Excess heat is emitted from destructive energy
particles, causing decay and destruction of physical
structures and tuelinhs in the universe.
In addition, we need to understand that environments
and material structures with intense positive heat will
detonate destructive energy particles. That means that
positive heat is a weakness and a threat to the survival of the
annihilation particles. On t he contrary, environments and
material structures with negative heat are ideal for
destructive particles to cool themselves and eliminate excess
heat. That is why destructive energy always moves to an

Destructive Energy Particles and Their Intelligence

atmosphere with cold heat and negative waves to save itself
by eliminating excess heat and cooling it.
That is valuable knowledge about destructive energy
particles that you must learn and apply to life in the human
world. If you practice the mechanism of producing harmful
energy particles in life, the destructive energy will catch the
signal and move into your soul. They will control and
disintegrate the soul structure. As a result, the soul suffers
from information disorder and manifests itself in many types
of mental illness and pathology. On the contrary, if you
practice producing positive energy particl es, the soul will
absorb and detonate the destructive particles to produce
sustainable energy particles. In future lessons, I will analyze
the mechanism of absorbing and blasting annihilation
particles."
One student said, "Teacher, this is wonderful. I feel
thrilled and lucky to learn from you. Each of your lectures
contains invaluable information to decode the truth of all
things. In the lesson about destructive energy particles, too, I
have encoded a lar ge amount of true information about
destructive energy particles. I feel like I have more extreme
power to practice the production of sustainable energy
particles through the four forms of life."
The Teacher smiled and said, "Each lesson will provide
you with different informational values and nature about all
things in and out of the universe. Not missing any lectures,
reading and listening to each lecture many times will help you
effectively encode this truth information into the yin and yang
energy embryo. As a result, you have the power of
information to overcome suffering and tribulations in the

human world. From there, the achievement of attaining the
unified Tao of the universe will come closer and closer to
you."