Chapter Forty-Two

The Appearance of the First Yin and Yang
Energy Particles in the Universe

The moonlight of the full moon night blended into the
lights around the ancient Bodhi tree and the Buddha temple
grounds behind that tree. That magical light and the monks
chanting in the temple echoed throughout the surrounding
space. It makes the teacher 's students quiet, as if they are
immersed in the past of their past lives. Still in that position,
but no longer the Bodhi tree where Buddha sat to practice
meditation and asceticism. Another Bodhi tree has replaced
it. However, until now, it has been an ancient Bodhi tree with
a large canopy and widespread shade all around. The teacher
and his students had been at the temple and the Bodhi tree
since afternoon, where Prince Siddhartha practised and
became Buddha. Not far away is the river where the prince
bathed in the river on a whole moon night and then became
Buddha. That is the first day of a ten -day journey to visit
places in India and Nepal, which are considered essential
milestones in the Buddha's practice journey.

The prayers inside the temple blended with the
moonlight, electric lights, and the winds. They seem
comforting and lull the teacher's students to sleep after a
journey of practice and hardships in this human life. Some
were meditating, while others sat nex t to the teacher and
looked up at the sky. Concentration on meditation and gazing
at the night sky made the sounds of the monks' prayers no
longer in the minds of the teacher and his students. Instead,
past life memories and scenes from outer space are present in
their minds. The teacher and students had been sitting for
more than two hours since it started to get dark. It is an
autumn evening in northeastern India, in Gaya, Bihar state. At
that time, a student immediately told the teacher, "It is
already p ast 7 pm. Will we continue to sit under the Bodhi
tree?" The teacher said, "Sit and relax here. Tonight, I will
teach you the truths and secrets of the first yin and yang
energy particle after the annihilation energy particle life form
is formed."
Groups of people from all over India and other
countries come to visit and pray at the Buddha's temple,
Mahabodhi. They walked around the Bodhi tree and the
temple many times. They think it is to show gratitude to
Buddha and hope to have more luck. The tea cher and his
students observed many groups of people coming and going,
all having a peaceful and relaxed mood when coming to
worship and paying tribute to Buddha. When the lights were
turned on, the groups of people were no longer crowded.
After that, the groups of people left the temple grounds. Only
a few people still meditate and worship Buddha at the Bodhi
tree and in the temple. At that time, the teacher told the

The Appearance of the First Yin and Yang Energy Particles in the Universe

students to wake up the other students who were meditating
to listen to the teacher talk about the knowledge of energy
particles. During this tour, everyone was excited to hear the
teacher teach special knowledge about energy particles. They
were looking forward to those lectures because he told them
he would teach them special knowledge before he left.
After that, the students sat around the teacher. They all
sat under the canopy of an ancient Bodhi tree. He told them,
"Look at the sky. Don't let the leaves and stars obstruct your
view. Please look into cosmic space with your intelligence and
soul. That means that you should transform into the smallest
particles of energy to move and visit the worldview of endless
space in the universe. Now, please close your eyes so that your
mind and soul officially become the smallest particles of
energy in space. Let my teachings become the light of wisdom
that guides you to move and explore the worldview in the
endless space of the universe. Please focus on receiving my
teachings and instructions to make this journey of receiving
special knowledge effective. Please re lax and be at peace as
you undertake this journey of discovering knowledge because
I am always with you and protecting you in your journey back
to the universe's past.
Hey guys, you are moving in the space of destructive
energy particles. The space and time you see are not the
present but the past. That was the past before the yin and
yang energy of the universe created the Big Bang. Next to you
is me; I am teaching and analyzing knowledge for you. Around
you is a world of countless brown destructive energy particles
and wave-particles that are moving to transform into new
annihilation energy particles. The destructive energy

particles are not aware of your presence, so please feel free to
explore their world.
We are entering deep into the central area of the life
space of the destructive energy particle. You feel tiny and
constantly move at a safe distance in that space. You project
your mind's vision from the central area to the surrounding
directions, above a nd below. There is only a presence of
brown particles of destructive energy and green wave-
particles. The wave-particles are like tiny lights that decorate
an endless brown colour. Exciting and strange emotions are
present in your mind. It is magnificent a nd unknown
compared to the human world and the universe. However,
your feelings quickly turned to boredom because there was
no presence of life forms other than wave-particles and
destructive energy particles. That feeling of boredom is
similar to the energy particles of annihilation after they are
born from wave-particles. They move and observe their
world for long and endless periods without reacting in their
habitat. You should feel lucky not to live in that dull space. You
are fortunate to be like energy particles visiting and exploring
their lives.
Look, guys! An explosion just happened. The red sparks
of the blast were disappearing. Let's move there quickly to
observe what happened. Please stand outside to watch; we do
not go into the space of that explosion so as not to affect their
reactions. Do y ou feel anything? That is the heat radiating
from the area of the blast; it makes us feel like we are standing
next to a fire. Heat makes our bodies hotter. Look, the
surrounding destructive energy particles are also changing

The Appearance of the First Yin and Yang Energy Particles in the Universe

their state from brown to fire red. It looked like they were
about to explode after the heat of the explosion hit them.
Miraculously, wave-particles move into that hot space.
They move and spin around them. It's so beautiful when they
change from green to red, like the colour of fire. They
constantly rotate and change the nature of the wave-particles.
It's unbelievable what we're seeing. Unlike destructive
particles, some wave-particles have been transformed into
new energy particles. Those energy particles radiate heat.
What do you see? The space of the explosion is no longer hot.
The main reason is that the wave-particles have absorbed the
heat from the blast to convert it into energy particles that can
rotate. Those are the first positive energy particles to appear
in the space of destructive energy. The first positive energy
particles are formed when wave-particles move inside the
explosion space and absorb enough heat for the
transformation process. In addition, I also saw wave-particles
moving into the spatial centre of the explosion and detonated
by absorbing too much heat. Did you notice anything? That
heat no longer existed after the blast occurred. The reason is
that the heat from the explosion provided some wave-
particles to convert into positive energy particles, and other
destructive energy particles absorbed the heat. The positive
energy particles were detonated when the destruction
particles approached them, and heat appeared again.
However, the surrounding annihilati on particles have
absorbed all the heat from the explosions between the
annihilation particles and the positive energy particles. It's a
pity that the first positive energy particles that appeared were
completely detonated. The battle for survival in the space of

destructive energy particles is starting to become fierce. That
promises exciting things in the survival of life forms after the
appearance of the first positive energy particles after the life
form of annihilation particles.
Look, there's a different reaction near where the
explosion happened a moment ago. The particles of
destructive energy that were glowing fire -red had already
turned brown. Let's go there and see what's going on. Do you
feel cold? This area contains cold he at. That is why the
destructive energy particles are cooled and brown again after
being hot and fire -red. The brown energy particles suffering
from excess heat rushed into the negative heat space to cool
themselves again. The negative heat space may be the place
that saves the destructive energy particles from being
detonated from their heating process.
Everything was as if nothing had happened. Everything
returns to the brown state adorned with the green colours of
wave-particles. The reactions occurred so quickly that we
needed more time to understand them, so let's keep moving.
Please move with me. I'm trying to find areas where many
destructive energy particles gather in large numbers to see
what happens to them - observing what happens before the
explosion will help you better understand annihilation energy
particles and energy particles with negative and positive
electric waves.
I saw an area where many destructive energy particles
were crowded together, and there were unusual signs. Please
move with me. Please observe what happens to them from
outside the area where they are crowded. What do you see?
The energy state inside the a nnihilation energy particles is

The Appearance of the First Yin and Yang Energy Particles in the Universe

different from the annihilation particles outside; that is, they
are experiencing an uncontrolled increase in heat. Their
colour is becoming redder and no longer brown. A reaction is
about to happen, and you will observe them closely with me.
The particles of destructive energy vibrated very strongly,
and the fire-red colour of heat became more evident. Around
that area, there are wave-particles that are still moving. Those
wave-particles seem to sense the heat that is abnormally
generated from the annihilation particles, so they try to move
forward.
The destructive energy particles are losing the ability
to control themselves as they constantly vibrate while
gathering in numbers more incredible than the surrounding
density. Boom! The annihilation particles were detonated
when the excess heat inside them increased dramatically. The
annihilation particles around the explosion absorb the heat
after the blast and become excess heat inside. Besides, the
wave-particles moving into the hot area have been detonated.
There were wave-particles that, when moving into the central
zone of the explosion, were blasted by absorbing too much
heat. The explosion's heat is dissipated as it radiates into the
surrounding environment and is absorbed by other
destructive energy particles. Some wave-particles move near
outside the rotating hot space and transform into positive
energy particles. Thus, there is a difference when wave-
particles move into a hot area: when moving into an area with
too much heat, the wave-particles will be detonated; on the
contrary, when they move i nto an area with enough heat for
the transformation process, they transform into positive

energy particles. Positive energy particles radiate heat and
always rotate around themselves.
In addition, near the explosion area of the destructive
particles, a cold space appears. That is most evident when the
annihilation particles experiencing excess heat from the
explosion are cooled again after moving into that space. In
particular, some wave-particles are moving through the outer
area of the hot zone and are not detonated nor converted into
positive energy particles. They continue to move in a space
without heat before moving into a space with cold heat.
Surprisingly, they were transformed i nto harmful energy
particles. These negative energy particles are similar to
positive as they spin around themselves. However, they
rotate in the opposite direction compared to the rotational
orbits of positive energy particles. Do you see anything?
Wave-particles move into cold thermal space but do not
change into harmful or destructive energy particles. Thus, to
transform into harmful energy particles, the wave-particles
must first be transformed by hot heat and then absorb cold
heat to complete the trans formation into harmful energy
particles. It is not easy to transform wave-particles into
harmful energy particles. The same goes for positive energy
particles; they must absorb enough heat to transform into
positive particles.
Do you see anything? The destructive particles have
already detonated the newly formed positive energy
particles. In addition, annihilation particles with excess heat
continue to be cooled as they move into the cold zone. In
particular, negative energy par ticles stimulate destructive
energy particles that come into contact with them. The

The Appearance of the First Yin and Yang Energy Particles in the Universe

attraction from the harmful energy particles helps the energy
particles of the annihilation quickly remove excess heat. As a
result, harmful energy particles have turned into destructive
energy particles. Unlike the destructive energy particles
produced fr om wave-particles, the toxic energy particles
transformed into annihilation particles only have excess heat
inside and lose their ability to spin.
The reaction process creates explosions of destructive
energy particles, creating environments where heat and
positive and negative energy particles continuously occur.
However, they are quickly erased by detonation reactions and
assimilated by destructive energy particles. The thermal
environment is also absorbed and balanced back into a non -
thermal environment by destructive energy particles. Such a
process repeats endlessly. As a result, the number of
destructive energy particles continuously increases o ver
time. Even so, the appearance of positive and negative energy
particles has marked the presence of new life in the living
space of destructive energy particles and wave-particles. The
appearance of the smallest energetic particles with electric
waves has challenged the destructive particle life form. It
promises to open a new era in the evolution of wave-particles.
Please return to reality and open your eyes to feel the
cool breeze under the moonlight, under the canopy of this
ancient Bodhi tree. The journey of discovering the knowledge
of the first yin and yang energy particle helps you feel full of
energy in your body and soul.
Hey guys, through this journey of discovery about the
appearance of the first yin and yang energy particles in the
universe, I want you to understand that:

- Destructive energy particles will be detonated when
they absorb heat from the outside environment and the
increase in heat inside.
- Positive energy particles have the nature of radiating
heat. It is a weapon to detonate destructive energy particles.
- Negative energy particles have the nature of
absorbing heat from the outside environment. Therefore, it
causes destructive energy particles to penetrate negative
particles so that excess heat can be effectively discharged.
- Positive and negative energy particles have opposite
rotation mechanisms and orbits. Therefore, it is ideal for them
to produce new energy particles when they bond with each
other.
- Negative energy particles have an absorbent nature,
and positive energy particles have an exothermic nature.
Therefore, it is ideal for them to balance their energy state
when they are linked together.
Please relax and feel what you have received from the
journey of transforming into energy particles to see the
formation of the universe's first yin and yang energy particles.
Tomorrow night, we will continue to come back here, and I
will continue to teach you about the yin and yang energy that
makes up the universe."