Chapter Forty-Three

The Difference Between Yin and Yang
Energy Particles Formed from
Wave-particles

The night dew drops of autumn still linger on the grass
and leaves in the garden. The Teacher was still looking at the
trees and grass in the slowly rising rays of dawn. The climate
and scenery of this holy land, where Prince Siddhartha
became Buddha, are very familiar; it is similar to his
hometown. After the first day and the lecture about the
appearance of the first positive and negative energy particles
in the universe, everyone seemed to enjoy their sleep because
it was a day of movement and filled the soul with much
information. The Teacher is the same. After each new lecture
to his students, he initially felt a little tired, but then his body
quickly became healthier. Usually, he sleep s late and wake s
up later because he drinks a lot of tea wh ile lecturing.
However, after the first lecture under the Bodhi tree and after
a night of sleeping at a nearby hotel, he woke up very early.
The freshness and airiness of the hotel's garden and the
strange attraction of the place where Buddha attained

enlightenment made him get up early and enjoy a rare
moment. The Teacher thinks that he doesn't know when he
will have the opportunity to continue returning to visit the
places associated with places where Prince Siddhartha
practised and preached enlighten ed knowledge. Therefore,
He tries to enjoy this moment to feel the past and hardships
in Buddha's life through the places where he practised and
taught knowledge. Before this trip, every night, his tuelinh
brought him back to the memories of his previous l ife, his
enlightenment life associated with the relics here. Memories
increasingly appear inside the Teacher's silver hair, the brain
of a simple person like everyone else. That's why he became
more and more thoughtful as the years passed. It is the
contemplation of a small person shouldering great missions
and responsibilities. It is the contemplation of past
experiences. However, the students still see the Teacher
smiling when talking and lecturing.
Some students came over and enjoyed the quiet space
with the Teacher. Then, a student immediately asked,
"Teacher, from your lecture last night, I think that the
information value stored in the positive and negative energy
particles formed from wave-particles is different from the
negative and positive particles formed from yin and yang
energy embryos. Is that so, Teacher?"
The Teacher said, "That's right. It is different because
the environment in which they were born is different. The
interactions and reactions of matters in different
environments are also different. From those differences, the
value of the information stor ed in the yin and yang energy
particles is also different. To understand this issue, I will talk

The Difference Between Yin and Yang Energy Particles Formed from Wave-particles

about the difference between yin and yang energy particles
generated from wave-particles this morning. Next, when you
listen to the lecture about yin and yang energy particles
formed from yin and yang energy embryos, you will
thoroughly understand this issue."
After the teacher and students enjoyed breakfast with
traditional Indian dishes, everyone sat together in the hotel's
massive living room. At that time, from his room, the teacher
brought tea and tea -making utensils to brew. He brought
them from his hometown to enjoy tea's astringent and sweet
taste every time he talked or lectured to his students.
Afterwards, everyone enjoyed cups of Vietnamese tea
together at this relic. It is a crystallization between the past
and present, between the essence of two countries. Everyone
enjoyed cups of hot tea while listening to the teacher talk
about his past life memories related to the relics that
everyone will visit. Those are stories of an arduous journey to
finding enlightenment and spreading enlightened wisdom
when he attained enlightenment. One unique thing is that
when talking about his memories, he always includes the
knowledge of the smallest energy particle as evidence and as
a standard to help people have a deeper insight into the
knowledge of enlightenment. Those are the particular points
that the students learned when returning to India.
While engrossed in telling a story, the teacher suddenly
stopped and observed a whiteboard in the living room. The
teacher immediately told the students to bring that board
closer to where everyone was sitting. Then, the teacher told
everyone, "You must un derstand the knowledge of the
smallest energy particle thoroughly. Understanding them is

not just knowing and seeing them but understanding the
nature and information values within their intellectual wave
code. Last night, you understood the journey and information
values related to forming the first yin and yang energy
particles. Now I will a nalyse those yin and yang energy
particles more deeply."

The Difference Between Yin and Yang Energy Particles Formed from Wave-particles

Then, the teacher drew the image of the wisdom wave
code of positive and negative energy particles on the board.
The teacher continued to teach, "Please observe these
two positive and negative wisdom wave codes. It would be
best if you approached new thinking; that is, when talking
about particles, we must speak of the inner intelligence fibre
because the intelligenc e fibre is the essence of energy
particles. With this change of thinking and approach, you will
have a deep approach and understanding of the nature of
intelligence and information of all types of energy particles in
and out of the universe, before and aft er the Big Bang that
created the universe. In addition, when you analyze and
address all issues in and outside the universe, you must use
the information stored in the intellectual fibre and the data of
the external environment when subjects interact and react to
each other. That is how to use the mind dharma to understand
the past, present and future, the internal and external
environment of each information unit and each subject from
the intellectual fibre to all things in and outside the universe.
Later, I will lecture on the mechanism of production and
connection of cause and effect particles - the smallest energy
particles, and then you will understand the mind dharma
from more multi -dimensional perspectives. You must use
information in the movement of the mechanism of production
- connection and the mind dharma to understand the nature
and truth of all things in and outside the universe, tuelinhs
and humans.
When we look at the structure of the positive and
negative energy particles produced from wave-particles, we
see that they also have three parts:

The intellectual wave code thread.
The particle's shape.
The particle's energy state.
The particles' structure is similar to the structure of the
destructive energy particles and the yin and yang energy
particles born from the yin and yang energy embryo. If we do
not analyse their nature, information value and movement
mechanisms, we only s ee that these particles have different
colours. It is the brown state of destructive energy particles;
positive energy particles have white, green, fire -red, and
yellow; negative energy particles have grey, black, and blood-
red colours. Seeing the colours of the smallest particles and
complex and super -complex physical structures is possible
through meditation. However, meditation does not bring
insight into nature and truth. To understand and reach
enlightenment, one must go through a long -term process of
interaction and reaction. That is the experience of suffering
and tribulations in the practice environment in the human
world. Therefore, when you can meditate, it is not an
advantage to help you understand the worldview of the
universe and everything. On the contrary, it is
disadvantageous for you because you are always influenced
by it and need help developing your intelligence and
achieving thinking according to the mechanism of production
- connection and the mind attached to the information.
We continue to look at the structure of the intellectual
wave code of those positive and negative energy particles.
They also have three points and two segments, like the
structure of the annihilating energy particles and the particles
born from the yin an d yang energy embryo later. However,

The Difference Between Yin and Yang Energy Particles Formed from Wave-particles

they are different from the intellectual wave code of the
annihilation particle:
- The intellectual wave code of the destructive energy
particle: the rhythm of the vibration code (from point 1 to
point 2) is few and simple; The intellect fibre segment (from
point 2 to point 3) is always on the neutral line.
- The intellectual wave code of positive and negative
energy particles: the number of beats of the vibration code is
more and more complex; the intelligence fib re segment is
located at the negative pole for negative energy particles and
at the positive pole for positive energy particles.
Do you know why there is a difference in the intellect
fibre segment? That is because the annihilation particles are
formed in an environment without heat, so the wisdom wave
code fibre has no negative or positive heat. While positive
energy particles are formed in environments with positive
heat, negative energy particles are formed in environments
with negative heat. That is why the wisdom fibres of the yin
and yang particles differ from the energy particles of
destruction. At this point, you will have qu estions: why does
the environment have the power to change the intellectual
structure of energy particles? The environment can change
the structure and nature of the smallest particle and all things
in and out of the universe. Why? The answer is simple because
the environment is information. Information is encoded into
the intellectual wave code fibre and nature changes. So, what
is the environment? It is an image of things existing and
reacting to each other, sounds, language, and actions. The
environment includes the internal environment and external
environment. As follows:

- External environment: is all things outside and the
interactions with all things outside each subject. For the
intellectual wave code fibre, the energy state, the particle's
membrane, and other external matter are the external
environment. For the smalle st energy particle, any other
energy particles, other physical structures, and their
reactions are the external environment. For a tuelinh, any
system other than himself is the external environment; it
includes the human form. When that tuelinh incarnates as a
human, it includes material structures that are not itself. For
humans, the external environment is other people and other
things. For a country, other countries are the external
environment. For Earth, other planets are the external
environment. The external physical structures of the universe
are the external environment, which are annihilation
particles and wave-particles.
- Internal environment: the existence and interaction of
physical structures within each subject. For the cosmic, all
internal material structures are the internal environment. For
the Earth, all matter that exists in the Earth is the internal
environment. For a country, all the people and materials
inside that country are the internal environment. The body,
soul and wisdom are the internal environment of a human
being. For tuelinhs, the energy particles inside are the internal
environment. The energy state and intellectual fibre are the
internal environments for the smallest energy particle. The
information values stored in the intellectual wave -code fibre
are the internal environment of the intellectual wave code.
For each stored information value, the ima ges, sounds,

The Difference Between Yin and Yang Energy Particles Formed from Wave-particles

interactions and reactions of things are the internal
environment.
The internal and external environments are always
closely linked; their nature is the mind dharma. They
constantly interact and react to form a production and
connection mechanism for the movement and development of
causal particles from ancestral wave-particles to become
countless life forms in and outside the universe today. These
two environments always exist within each other and are
inseparable. That means that when you see that the
intellectual wave-code fibre is the internal environment of the
energy particle, it means that the intelligent wave -code fibre
is the external environment of each information value in it. In
particular, when you see that each information value in the
intellectual wave-code fibre is the internal environment of the
intelligent wave-code fibre, those information values are the
external environment of the subjects (worldview) that it is
encrypted. I analyze this to help you see that the environment
is information and that information can change the nature of
all things in and out of the universe.
Please look at the two green wave-particles, and then
they transform into two positive and negative intellectual
wave codes with the colours black and fire -red. In fact, after
transformation, they will have different colours based on the
characteristics of varying yin and yang energy states. Do yo u
know why they transform like that? That is the medium that
the wave-particles move into. The environment contains heat
to change the nature of wave-particles into yin and yang
energy particles. Heat is generated by the reaction between
energy particles and things (specifically between destructive

energy particles) to transform wave-particles into yin and
yang energy particles. Is heat also information? It is
information. Information generates heat, and heat is a
manifestation of knowledge in the process of things
interacting and reacting with each other. To prove this, you
can experiment: Wh en you say love to the person you love,
the result is that both of you feel warmth and happiness in
your body. On the contrary, if you say hurtful words to the
person you love, you will feel cold in your body and suffer.
Heat is the expression of information through the
reaction of all things. Therefore, wave-particles change into
destructive energy particles and yin and yang energy particles
due to heat. It is also because of information. The
transformation to form different types of energy particles is
due to the different amounts of heat and information values
encoded. As follows:
- Destructive energy particles result from wave-
particles moving in a neutral environment, which is an
environment without heat. The amount of information from
the medium is elementary, and the self-heating process of the
wave-particle is not enough for it to be completely
transformed. Therefore, the annihilation energy particle
encodes a small and straightforward amount of information.
Destructive energy particles are an error version compared to
yin and yang energy particles as they do not have the rotation
and production - connection mechanism.
- Positive energy particles result from wave-particles
moving into a hot environment. The heat causes the wave-
particle to completely transform to encode more information
into the intellectual wave code fibre of the positive energy

The Difference Between Yin and Yang Energy Particles Formed from Wave-particles

particle compared to the negative energy particle and the
destructive particle. In particular, the intellectual wave code
of the positive energy particle stores valuable and accurate
information. The reason is that when moving into a positive
thermal envir onment, the wave -particle rotates and stores
accurate information about all matter. In addition, melting
wave-particles and encoding information in a hot enough heat
environment causes toxins to no longer exist in the
intellectual wave code fibre when posi tive energy particles
are formed. Thus, positive energy particles no longer have
toxins and have accurate and comprehensive information
about the environment that created them. That constitutes
the characteristic of positive energy particles, which transmit
accurate information for sustainable development.
- Negative energy particles generated from wave-
particles must move through a positive thermal environment
before moving into a negative one. When moving into a
positive thermal environment, it melts partially and encodes
information from the positive thermal environment.
However, their toxins have not been eli minated because the
melting and transformation process has not yet been
completed. Next, they continue moving through the neutral
environment and then into the cold thermal environment.
Therefore, cold heat and missing or unclear information were
encoded into intellectual wave code when moving into the
cold thermal environment. In particular, their orbits change
and rotate against positive energy particles. Moving in a cold
thermal environment helps th em transform into harmful
energy particles. However, the toxicity of the wave-particles
has not been eliminated, and the lack of or unclear

information about the cold thermal environment has caused
the harmful energy particles to have toxic data. This toxic
information combines the toxins from the wave-particles that
have not been fully released and the distortion of information
in the cold heat environment. Therefore, the value of harmful
energy particles is opposite to that of positive energy
particles.
So, you have understood the power and value of the
environment that transforms wave-particles into different
types of energy particles. Specifically, heat and information
create the nature of different kinds of energy particles. From
the diverse nature of particles, they will create different
values for the existence and development of all things in and
outside the universe."
A student asked the teacher, "Teacher, so many yin and
yang energy particles were born from wave-particles?"
The teacher replied, "No, not many yin and yang energy
particles are produced from wave-particles. Some energy
particles can be produced from the explosions of destructive
energy particles if wave-particles move in. However, they are
then detonated or assimilated by annihilation energy
particles. Next, the annihilating particles will balance the
thermal environments and become non -thermal
environments. This process took place continuously for a long
time before a magical yin and yang energy embryo appeared.
In addition, to form a positive energy particle from a
wave-particle, the wave-particle must absorb enough heat to
transform into a positive particle. If there is excess heat, the
wave-particles will be detonated during the conversion
process.

The Difference Between Yin and Yang Energy Particles Formed from Wave-particles

Forming negative energy particles is also not easy. The
wave-particles must move through a hot thermal
environment to be melted and encode information. They must
then move into the nearby cold thermal environment to
complete the transformation and encoding of data for the
formation of harmful energy particles.
Thus, forming positive and negative energy particles
from wave-particles is not easy. Wave-particles must move
into a sufficiently hot area to form positive energy particles.
That means there is neither excess nor lack of heat for the
transformation process. If there is too much, the wave-
particles will be detonated, and if there is a lack of heat, the
wave-particles will not be converted into positive energy
particles. These wave-particles melted due to lack of heat will
be transformed into harmful energy particles if they move
into a cold thermal environment. Suppose they do not move
into a cold thermal environment to become harmful particles.
In that case, they will become positive energy particles with
the weakly electric wave when moving in a non -thermal
environment until they are completely transformed by
autogenesis heat. However, they are all detonated or
assimilated by destructive energy. Therefore, forming
negative and positive energy particles in an annihilation
energy particle environment is chall enging. Therefore, when
the special yin-yang energy embryo was formed to create the
first tuelinh and the universe, it was the most extraordinary
and significant event in the universe's history."