Chapter Forty-Four

The Miraculous Yin Yang Energy Embryo
and Big Bang

The rays of sunset gradually disappeared when the
teacher and students returned to the temple and the Bodhi
tree on the second day. Instead, the lights were turned on and
blended into the bright moonlight. The moon often shines
more radiant after the full moon day, and everyone feels it.
After passing through the area's security gate, the teacher and
his students experienced worshipping Buddha inside the
temple, then walked around the temple and the ancient Bodhi
tree many times. That's what pilgrims to Buddha's Land do,
and it's also to show respect to Buddha.
After the second experience of practising the same
rituals as other pilgrims, the teacher and his students sat
under the bodhi tree. Around the tree, there are still many
people meditating and praying. Outside and around the
temple were monks from other co untries, chanting and
practising meditation. That is when many people living
around the temple come to practice rituals and pay tribute to
Buddha because, according to Buddhist beliefs, they often

come to worship Buddha and pray for good luck at the
beginning of the month and the full moon day. These days are
the full moon, so many people from all over India and other
countries come to this holy site in large numbers. The teacher
and students contin ued to sit, relax, and observe groups of
people with different costumes. They are followers of
Hinduism who come to worship Buddha. People from the
West went to the ceremony and held rosary beads, moving
them as they walked. The chanting sounds from the
surrounding monks mixed with the chanting sounds coming
from inside the temple through speakers. The different
people and the chant create an atmosphere of respect and
solemnity. The respect of people when they come here to pay
tribute to an enlightened being.
Thoughts, images, and sounds at this relic site come and
go in each person's mind. The teacher and students still sat
and observed. After meditating for a long time under the tree,
some of the teacher's students stopped meditating and
returned to their sea ts next to the teacher. Everyone sat
around the teacher because this evening, he would lecture on
the yin and yang energy embryo that creates the universe.
Therefore, everyone was waiting for the relic grounds to
become quiet. It was already past 7 pm, and groups of people
were leaving. The campus around the tree is becoming
quieter, and only the groups from other countries are sitting
far away from the tree. Those monks often stay overnight at
this relic for many days to perform rituals.
The teacher began to preach when the space around the
Bodhi tree became quieter. "Please imagine an embryo of yin
and yang energy when the connection between the smallest

The Miraculous Yin Yang Energy Embryo and Big Bang

positive and negative energy particles forms it. Visualize it
and make questions before I preach about them."
After a while, a student asked the teacher, "Teacher,
how can the smallest positive and negative energy particles
bond together while the destructive energy particles cannot?"
The teacher replied, "The smallest yin and yang energy
particles bond together to form yin and yang energy embryos
that belong to the mechanism of production and connection.
That is the mechanism of energy particles with positive and
negative electric waves. However, the particles of destructive
energy do not connect because they do not have positive or
negative electric waves. I will have an in-depth lecture later to
understand the mechanism of production and connection.
To help you quickly receive valuable information about
the miraculous yin and yang energy embryo that formed the
first tuelinh and the universe, you need a basic understanding
of how the smallest yin and yang energy particles are linked.
Yin and yang energ y embryos are formed based on the
following principles:
- Opposite principles of electric waves. That means that
to form a yin and yang energy embryo, the positive energy
particle must bond with the negative energy particle. If
positive energy particles bond, they form a composite
positive energy particle. Besides, if negative energy particles
bond, they form composite negative energy particles. In the
case of the smallest particles of yin and yang energy bonding,
they become an embryo of yin and yang energy.
- Information matching principles. That means that for
the smallest positive energy particle to bond with the smallest
negative energy particle, they must have a match or similarity

in information. This information compatibility does not mean
that all the information content in the intellectual wave code
fibre of the positive and negative energy particles is the same.
Information matching is understood as the fact that both
positive a nd negative particles store the same information
about the circumstances and environment in which they were
born. Specifically, positive and negative energy particles
generated from the positive and negative thermal
environment converted from wave-particles will bond with
each other. The reason is that the positive and negative
thermal environments are created from the explosion of
destructive energy particles, so the positive and negative
energy particles encode similar information values. They are
only id entical regarding environmental information, while
their nature is different.
When the smallest particles of yin and yang energy
ensure the above two conditions, they will bond and stick
together to form an embryo of yin and yang energy. The yin
and yang energy embryo is a structure larger than the
smallest particle. After connectin g through point (3) of the
positive particle attached to point (1) of the negative particle
and point (1) of the positive particle attached to point (3) of
the negative particle, the information between the two
particles will circulate each other. Then, it will make
conventions for standard functions and tasks. Therefore, the
nature of the yin and yang energy embryo is not the same as
the individual nature of the yin and yang energy particles. The
nature of the yin and yang energy embryo constantly changes
and fluctuates as the information between the two particles
circulates. The cyclical process can be trying to control each

The Miraculous Yin Yang Energy Embryo and Big Bang

other, conflict, and unity of functions and tasks. From this
nature, all things create mysteries and complications for
tuelinh and human life forms. Everyone does not understand
themselves and everything in and out of the universe."
The knowledge that the teacher has just shared with his
students is complex information; Therefore, the teacher lets
everyone relax for a few minutes before taking everyone into
the world of the smallest particle.
Then the teacher said, "Look at the sky. Don't let the
leaves and stars block your vision. Please look with your soul
and wisdom. That means you don't see with your eyes. Next,
close your eyes and imagine yourself as the smallest energy
particle. Rest assured, I am always by your side, radiating the
light of wisdom to protect you. And now, you are the smallest
particles of energy. You are in the space of destructive energy
particles and continue your sightseeing journey. It is a
journey of space exploration and the evolution of energetic
particles in the past. Please pay attention and listen to my
instructions. You are the smallest particles of energy, and so
am I. We are moving through space after witnessing
explosions of destructive energy particles. We were surprised
and delighted by those explosions' before and after reactions.
The excitement reaches its maximum when we witness
positive and negative energy particles forming, which are
then assimilated and detonated.
Please move quickly with me because I have detected
an explosion that just happened in the distance. Come and see
what happens next. Do you see anything? Energy particles
have just been formed in hot space. They are so beautiful!
They come in fire -red, green, and yellow. These are positive

energy particles with different information values and
natures formed after the wave-particles moved into hot
thermal space. The negative energy particles formed when
the wave-particles moved into the nearby cold medium. They
have different colours, such as grey, black, and blood -red.
What do you feel when you see these yin and yang energy
particles in different colours? Perhaps excitement and
curiosity about them. The difference in the colour of positive
and negative energy particles is due to the energy s tate in
each particle. The difference in energy state is due to the
difference in the value of the information encoded inside the
intellectual wave code fibre. Point (2) in the intellectual wave
code fibre is where functions and tasks are produced after
encoding data.
What's going on? Have you noticed what's going on? It
is the movement of positive and negative energy particles.
They are looking for each other. Perhaps they discovered each
other's existence by the information waves they emitted.
Even though destructive energy particles are around them,
they are not afraid of the risk of being assimilated and
detonated to find each other. That could be the power of love
- compatibility and similarity of information. That makes
them willing to see each other even if they have to face death
and assimilation.
As a result of the taste of love, the yin and yang energy
particles came together. The magical thing is that they have
linked together to become pairs of yin and yang energy
particles. Those are yin and yang energy embryos.
Unbelievably, it is a rapid evol utionary process. Through
positive and negative heat, wave-particles move in and

The Miraculous Yin Yang Energy Embryo and Big Bang

transform into positive and negative energy particles, which
then connect to form yin and yang energy embryos. The
appearance of yin and yang energy embryos is a milestone in
wave-particles' intellectual and structural development.
Wave-particles do not stop at the level of evolution; they are
destructive energy particles and then negative and positive
energy particles. Instead, they have evolved to new heights,
which is the connection between the smallest positive and
negative energy particles t o upgrade b oth structurally and
intellectually. The structure of matter has grown to be twice
as large as the smallest energy particle, and the information
value has been linked and created complexity between them.
It is the magic of the universe because the value of the
environment changes and develops the ancestral wave-
particles.
What happened? Did you see the reactions with those
yin and yang energy embryos? Those yin and yang energy
embryos have decomposed and become destructive energy
particles. They then merge into the world of destructive
energy particle life forms. Energy par ticles of annihilation
attacked and disintegrated the yin and yang energy embryos
that only existed briefly. The moment of existence of yin and
yang energy embryos is as if they want to declare that they
are the magic and wisdom of the universe. It was a f irm
confirmation that they would return and dominate this
endless space.
Move with me; let's observe the journey of yin and yang
energy embryos appearing and then being assimilated into
destructive energy particles. I am causing endless time to fast
forward in your mind and vision. Do you see anything? The

appearance and disappearance of yin and yang energy
embryos repeat and appear in different positions in the living
space of destructive energy, which is brown space. They
appear and disappear like colourful points of light in the
darkness of destructive en ergy. Those bright spots are like
wonderful music in the endless space of the universe.
Please follow me to that strange light over there. That
light came from an explosion of destructive energy particles.
However, it was unusual and brighter than other explosions
of destructive energy. Does this signal something or a special
event about to happen in the endless flow of time? Let's move
quickly there to see what happens. A positive energy particle
emits a bright yellow in the positive thermal space. It is
extraordinary as it radiates light while the positive energy
particles that appeared befo re did not. Around that positive
energy particle, there are other positive energy particles, but
their colours are nothing unique or unusual compared to the
positive energy particles that appeared before. Do you see
anything? The destructive energy particl es continued to
attack the positive energy particles, and they were detonated.
However, that yellow positive energy particle had a particular
skill, so it moved away from the attack of the destructive
energy particles. It is trying to move because of some
invitation signal. It may be so when a negative energy particle
from a nearby cold thermal environment also moves towards
that particular positive energy particle. Both yin and yang
energy particles have caught each other's signals and are
trying to move as fast as possible to meet each other. Do you
see any difference between those negative energy particles?
It is grey -white, an energy state with a weak electric wave.

The Miraculous Yin Yang Energy Embryo and Big Bang

That causes the destructive energy particles not to detect
their presence. Look at the negative heat space where harmful
energy particles are created. Other negative energy particles
have already been assimilated into destruction particles.
Will that particular yin and yang energy particle be
assimilated and detonated? I was thrilled to witness the
difference between these two particular yin and yang energy
particles. It's incredible that those two energy particles have
linked together and formed a yin and yang energy embryo. It
is a worthy result of the efforts of both of those energy
particles. Do you think it will be assimilated like other yin and
yang energy embryos when it is the most special yin and yang
energy embryo? It is unique because of the bright yellow light
of the positive energy particles and the grey -white colour of
the negative energy particles. That brilliant yellow light made
that negative energy particle brighter and whiter when
bonded. That makes that yin and yang energy e mbryo like a
magical light in the brown darkness of destructive energy.
Look! A particle of destructive energy was detonated
when it touched that yin -yang energy embryo to discharge
excess heat. However, the yin and yang energy embryos are
not demolished or assimilated. It is truly an extraordinary and
miraculous yin -yang ener gy embryo that detonates
destructive particles without harm. If you look closely at that
yin and yang energy embryo, it becomes brighter and absorbs
heat from the destructive energy particle that has been
detonated. The appearance of this yin and yang ener gy
embryo is a challenge to the life form of the annihilation
energy particle as it still proudly exists without being harmed
by the attack of the annihilation particle. Additional

destruction particles were detonated while trying to attack
that energy embryo. Next, another destructive particle was
detonated. That energy embryo continued absorbing heat
from the explosions and became brighter. Bright light is a
mixture of yellow and white light.
Do you see anything? That yin and yang energy embryo
has become more extensive, and its membrane is thicker.
Inside are new strands of wisdom wave -code next to the
original two strands of the negative and positive particles.
That means new strands of intellectual wave code have been
born after the movement and detonation of destructive
energy particles. What's going on? Is this the remarkable
evolution of wave-particles? They were transformed into a
magical yin and yang energy embryo and produced strands of
intellectual wave code in those two yin and yang particles. In
particular, it does not suffer any damage from attacks from
destructive energy particles. On the contr ary, this energy
embryo absorbs the heat of detonated annihilation particles
to produce new intellectual wave code fibres. This energy
embryo has developed and self -produced intelligent wave -
code fibres, the only wave-particles that can be transformed
into intellectual wave-code fibres.
Let me fast-forward time and see what happens to that
embryo of yin and yang energy. What do you see? That yin and
yang energy embryo has grown and become much more
extensive than when it was formed. It is no longer the original
yin-yang energy embryo but has become a mature yin -yang
energy embryo. The mature energy embryo is shaped like a
giant sphere. Inside it is the original yin and yang energy
embryo protected by the outer membrane, and it contains

The Miraculous Yin Yang Energy Embryo and Big Bang

countless strands of intellectual wave code at the positive and
negative particles. Outside the original embryo are two
extremes containing the smallest energy particles copied
from the intellectual wave code fibres in the original yin and
yang embryo. The yang pole contains positive energy
particles, and the yin pole contains negative energy particles.

The process of detonating the destructive particle and
not being damaged by the original yin and yang energy
embryo has produced countless strands of intellectual wave
code, and they are stored in the two original energy particles.
At the same time, those strands of intellectual wave code are
copied and transformed into the smallest energy particles,

and they move to the extremes containing positive and
negative particles. The development process of the yin and
yang energy embryo caused the membrane of the original
energy embryo to become thicker and separate into many
shell layers. The inner shell is to protect the original embryo,
and the outer shell of the original embryo is a membrane to
protect the mature yin and yang embryo. The outer shell
protects the mature yin and yang energy embryo; all energy
particles are copied from the original embryo. Th is process
forms a sphere containing the smallest energy particles
carrying positive and negative electrical waves. Outside is an
environment without heat and the life form of destructive
energy particles.
That energy embryo has become a giant sphere
containing countless smallest energy particles. Please join me
in moving quickly around the dense shell covering that energy
sphere. Please look at that shell as we proceed. Do you see
anything? Destructive energy particles constantly attack and
penetrate the shell of the energy sphere. However, they are all
detonated in the shell of the sphere, and the heat from those
explosions is absorbed into the embryo. Strangely, the attacks
of the annihilation particle have been detonated since the
original yin-yang embryo was formed until now.
Please follow me and move inside that super -giant
energy sphere. Please think that our roots are there; our
homeland exists because we were born there. That is how we
move through the sphere's membrane and is also how we
moved in the past. Please follow me and take a look to see
what's inside. In front of our eyes are countless energy
particles with different colours. Each colour represents the

The Miraculous Yin Yang Energy Embryo and Big Bang

other electrical wave properties of the particle. The variety of
colours of the smallest particles creates a beautiful and
majestic space that does not exist outside the energy sphere.
The tiniest particles of energy are obscuring our vision. We
cannot see very far when so many of the smallest energy
particles move in dense density ahead and around us. To have
a super-giant sphere containing the smallest energy particles
carrying negative and positive electric waves, it must go
through an endless period of attacks from destructive energy
particles and reactions from the original energy embryo to
detonate them and absorb heat. It was magical.
Please follow me closely because the density of
negative and positive energy particles here is very dense. You
may lose me if you don't focus on following me. The energy
sphere is now too super -giant. We have travelled a long way
but still have not reached its centre. Please move quickly with
me; I'm increasing my speed of movement. We must observe
what is at the centre of this giant energy sphere. Do you see
anything ahead? It is shaped like an adult. Exactly a mature
tuelinh (a supreme soul). Why is it a tuelinh and not a mature
embryo? This is truly the centre of a super -giant energy
sphere. Look, that tuelinh is moving the energy particles
inside the energy sphere. He is controlling negative energy
groups to move to the sphere's protective shell to attra ct
destructive energy particles to attack the energy sphere. Next,
he operates again to move positive energy groups to approach
the shell to detonate destructive energy. He seemed so busy
with work that he didn't notice our presence here. He was still
absorbing heat from the explosions outside the sphere's
protective shell from the blasts of destructive energy particles

moving into his own body. Do you see anything? Energy
particles were born from within that tuelinh and moved out
of his body. They move into the space containing the smallest
energy particles. Let's get closer to him to take a closer look at
him. Do you see anything inside him? It is the mature energy
embryo of the universe. That mature energy embryo is now in
his body. What happened? The miraculous energy embryo of
the universe is the energy embryo that created this first
tuelinh. He is the first tuelinh o f the universe and evolved
from the ancestral wave-particle. The energy particles in this
super-giant energy sphere were born from his energy
embryo. He is the giant energy sphere, and the energy sphere
is him. The most quintessential energy particles crystallize his
body. Those are the best and super-complex energy particles:
positive energy particles have super strong electric waves
with yellow energy, and negative energy particles have feeble
negative electric waves with grey-white energy states. Please
look at his body; you will see golden light radiating around.
Using the most complex and quintessential super energy
particles to construct his body was easy because his original
yin yang energy embryo was formed from the super strong
yellow yang particle and fragile, grey -white negative
particles.
Have you noticed anything unusual going on? The first
tuelinh is busy and continuously moving groups of positive
energy particles towards the shell of the energy sphere, while
outside are massive attacks of countless destructive energy
particles towards the shell. There may be a great war between
the life forms of destructive energy particles and energy
particles with electric waves. Let's move away from the

The Miraculous Yin Yang Energy Embryo and Big Bang

energy sphere quickly. Now, we are outside the energy
sphere, the space of the energy particles of destruction. Let's
move further from the super-giant energy sphere to see what
happens. Boom! The sound of a massive explosion from the
super-giant energy sp here. The sphere's shell has exploded,
and countless destructive energy particles outside the sphere
have also been detonated. The loud bang and the small
explosions that follow create an exciting sound chain, making
it impossible to hear any sounds around us. Countless energy
particles inside the sphere spilt into the surrounding space
after the shell was gone. After the Big Bang , their space
became much larger than the original giant energy sphere. It
is the universe of energy particles.
Please look at the centre of the yin and yang energy
space because the energy particles are no longer moving in
density. From here, we can see the first tuelinh standing in the
middle of the centre. The first tuelinh exists as a supreme
wisdom of infinite space from the past to the future. However,
he is still busy energizing the entire space of energy particles
carrying electric waves. Under his operation, the whole space
containing energy particles still rotates around the centre of
his energy embryo. It has spun since that magical yin and yang
energy embryo was formed.
What an incredible journey to discover the past.
However, now let's return to reality under the Bodhi tree.
Open your eyes and take a deep breath. Then, breathe slowly.
Do this a few times. Next, relax and feel the presence of the
present to see how busy a nd devoted the supreme soul built
a cosmic sphere with countless galaxies and countless life
forms existing within. He deserves respect and reverence

more than anything from the past to the future. Let us respect
and thank him for our existence and all things in the universe.
I know you have many questions that need to be
answered and further lessons to gain a deeper understanding
of the first tuelinh and the energy particles born from the
energy embryo of the universe. Tomorrow, at the following
location on this journey, I wil l help you understand more
thoroughly."