Chapter Forty-Five

Mechanism of Particle Production of Yin
and Yang Energy Embryo

After two days of sightseeing and listening to the
teacher preach under the Bodhi tree at Mahabodhi temple, the
students and teacher moved to other relics on their
pilgrimage in India early in the morning. It is a relic that
preserves the imprints of when Buddha taught knowledge to
his students there. That place became a sizeable Buddhist
university several hundred years after Buddha passed away.
However, it is now just a ruin with crumbling foundations and
walls. The devastation caused by the war has made that place
now just a place to visit and reminisce about the glorious era
of Buddhism. After a few hours of travelling on a bus,
everyone arrived at the site of the ancient Nalanda University.
Because the journey was on bad and unfavourable roads,
upon arriving, everyone took the opportunity to have lunch
and rest before going to the monument to visit.
When the teacher and his students entered the ruined
campus of the ancient university, they all felt overwhelmed by
the vast space. Red brick walls are intertwined with red brick

foundations. That's what's left after being devastated by war
and time. Ruins made of ancient red bricks and moss exist
throughout the vast space of the relic grounds. When the
teacher and students visited places in the monument, feelings
of regret were ev ident in each person's thoughts. It's a pity
because this was once where monks practised, studied and
wrote down Buddha's scriptures. Also, from here, Buddhist
scriptures spread to many countries worldwide. The crowd
and bustle of practitioners in the Budd hist school then were
no longer there. Now, only vast lawns interwoven with
foundation blocks and red brick walls remain. It makes many
people, especially those who practice Buddhism, feel pain and
regret when visiting this place.
After visiting all the relics on campus, the teacher and
his students sat on a large lawn. The weather in the autumn
afternoon is very cool, and the sunlight is gentle, all of which
make people feel the closeness and familiarity of this place.
Some students are lying on the grass to feel this extraordinary
atmosphere. Some students take advantage of meditation to
discover more information about the past and present of this
place. Truong Nalanda approached where the teacher was
sitting and said to him, "Last night, I had a very realistic dream
about this place. In my previous life, I was born into a rich
family here. I am someone who has learned a lot from many
teachers. I remember very clearly that I belonged to the most
noble class of society at that time. I found myself unsatisfied
with the knowledge I had learned, so after accessing your
knowledge in that life, I waited to meet you. As a result, when
the teacher came, I asked him to leave my family and follow
him to practice. Later, my younger sister also participated in

Mechanism of Particle Production of Yin and Yang Energy Embryo

learning the teacher's knowledge. Today, when I came to this
place, I felt very close and familiar."
The teacher smiled and said, "That's true. Duong
Nalanda is your sister from your past life. The tuelinhs of the
two brothers have followed me for many lives, and this life is
no different. This place is where I was a King two lives ago. My
kingdom then wa s as large as the state of Bihar now; it
included the site of the Mahabodhi temple and the Bodhi tree.
In that life, I was considered a great king when I ruled and
helped the people live in prosperity with the primitive
knowledge of the two truths. That's why when we return to
places that were important milestones in our past lives, we
will somehow recognise that truth. Of course, in my previous
life, when I came here to teach knowledge, you followed me
and then your younger sister. When I met the two of you, both
were in a bad state due to illness; your younger sister at that
time almost could not live. At that time, I used the first
tuelinh's name, Nalas Nalanda, to save her life. Those were the
rare times I used the name of the first tuelinh to save peopl e
in my past lives. Of course, I didn't tell my students about
that."
After the students finished meditating and resting, they
sat beside the teacher. At that time, the teacher said, "This
place used to be my hometown and yours in our past lives. We
have good memories of this place. Many of you were born and
raised here in y our past lives. Then, you access knowledge
and follow me to learn the wisdom of enlightenment. This
place is extremely special to me because I was a great king of
an ancient kingdom in this large area two lives ago. In my
previous life, I preached knowledge, and you met me and then

followed me. Thus, this place has kept many memories of me
and you from past lives to the present because I will continue
to preach important lectures at the place where we are sitting.
That is how we connect the past and present to be grateful for
everything that has helped and come to us in our practice
journey in the human world."
A student immediately said, "It's great to hear you teach
here. Everyone and I have many questions about the smallest
energy particles born from the energy embryo of the first
tuelinh. Even though you taught us about the yin and yang
energy embryo of the universe and the first tuelinh last night,
we are still not satisfied. We realize that the knowledge about
energy particles is extensive and massive, so we hope you will
teach us more knowledge about energy particles to help us
deepen our enlightenment."
The teacher said, "I understand what you are
wondering, so I will explain and analyze each information
value related to the knowledge of the energy particle born
from that yin and yang energy embryo. It is essential for
tuelinhs and humans because everythi ng is born from the
smallest energy particles of that energy embryo. In addition,
all things in the universe are born from that yin and yang
embryo, so you must deeply understand them to understand
yourself and everyone, the tuelinhs and all things in the
universe."
After silence, the teacher asked everyone, "Do you
know how the energy embryo of the universe produces
energy particles?"
Everyone looked at each other, and one student
answered, "I think the smallest energy particles are born from

Mechanism of Particle Production of Yin and Yang Energy Embryo

yin and yang energy embryos differently from how wave-
particles transform into yin and yang energy particles. From
my lessons, I understand that the smallest energy particles in
the universe are born from that yin and yang embryo.
However, we do not clearly understand the mechanism and
nature of that production process."
The teacher said, "That's right. The smallest energy
particles carrying negative and positive electric waves are
generated from the energy embryo, which differs from the
formation of energy particles with electric waves from wave-
particles. Thus, there is a difference between the
transformation mechanism of wave-particles and the
production mechanism of yin and yang embryos to form the
smallest energy particles with electric waves.
The transformation mechanism of a wave -particle to
become the smallest energy particle with an electric wave is:
each wave-particle, when moving into an environment with
positive heat, will change the structure of the particle through
flowing wave-particles. By melting and changing the
structure of the wave-particle, a certain amount of
information about the environment in which the wave-
particle moves is encoded. At the end of the process of
structural transformation and information encoding of the
positive thermal environment, the smallest energy particle
carrying positive electric waves is created. For energy
particles with negative electric waves, the wave-particle's
transformation process must move into a negative thermal
environment after travelling through a positive thermal
environment in conditions that have not yet completely
transformed. Therefore, when the changing wave -particle

moves into the cold medium, a reaction is formed between the
two information mediums. As a result, it is transformed into
negative energy particles with toxins crystallised from the
wave-particles and the environment. It would help to
remember that each wave-particle could only be transformed
into the smallest energy particle carrying negative or positive
electric waves. One wave-particle cannot be transformed into
many energy particles. Because of this, we call the process of
wave-particles converting into energy particles the
transformation mechanism. We don't call it a generative
mechanism.
In contrast to the transformation mechanism of wave-
particles to form the smallest energy particles, the yin and
yang energy embryo implements a production mechanism to
create the smallest energy particles carrying negative and
positive electric waves. The universe's yin and yang energy
embryo (the first tuelinh) i s the first energy embryo to
implement the mechanism of producing energy particles.
After the Big Bang, under the operation and hard work of the
first tuelinh, countless yin and yang energy embryo s were
formed and practised the exact production mechanism as the
energy embryos of the first tuelinh. All things and life forms
in the universe are created and developed through the
production mechanism, including tuelinhs life forms and
humans. The produ ction mechanism and the linking
mechanism form a set of closely linked mechanisms that
cannot be separated to create the development of diverse life
for all things in the universe. In this lecture, I will analyse the
mechanism and nature of the yin and yan g energy embryo
process that produces the smallest energy particles through

Mechanism of Particle Production of Yin and Yang Energy Embryo

the energy embryo of the first tuelinh, the energy embryo of
the universe. The energy embryos of the tuelinh, the soul
residing in the human body, the soul living in animals, and all
physical structures in the universe when they have energy
embryos all hav e the exact production mechanism as the
energy embryo of the first tuelinh. Now, let's explore together
the mechanism and nature of energy particles produced from
the energy embryo of the universe:
- The mechanism of producing energy particles of the
yin and yang embryo is carried out in the embryo's original
yin and yang particles. It means that both the original negative
and positive energy particles participate in producing new
energy particles.
- The production mechanism is from the original
positive energy particle in the embryo. Many new positive
energy particles will be born when the conditions for that
production are ensured. Many new harmful energy particles
will also be produced from the or iginal negative energy
particle when the conditions for such production are ensured.
That is entirely different from the transformation mechanism
of wave-particles, where each wave -particle can only be
converted into one energy particle. In the production
mechanism of the yin and yang energy embryo, you must
remember that negative particles produce new harmful
particles, and positive particles produce new positive
particles. There is no phenomenon of positive particles
generating harmful particles and negat ive particles
generating positive particles.
- The essence of producing energy particles from the
energy embryo is adding information from the outside

environment so that the intellectual wave code fibres in the
original yin and yang energy particles perform a copying
process of the new intellectual wave code fibre. It is said to be
copied, but it is not a copying mechanism because the newly
created energy particle stores the information of the external
environment and the internal data of the original intellectual
wave-code fibre. However, it is said to copy so that everyone
can easily imagine the production mechanism of the original
yin and yang energy embryo. You can understand that the
energy particles born from the energy embryo are the
crystallisation of part of the essence of genetic information
from the original particle and information from the outside
environment. That shows that the newly born e nergy
particles are kids particles of the yin -yang embryo, and they
carry the genetic characteristics of the parent pair, the
original yin-yang embryo.
- For the energy embryo to produce energy particles
with different negative or positive electric waves, it depends
on the reaction process of that energy embryo to the
environment with which it interacts. That shows that the
process of producing energy particles is highly complex. It is
like a struggle, even a campaign of struggle and reaction
between two information environments: the internal
information of the ori ginal yin and yang embryo and the
information of the external environment. The reaction
process of the energy embryo to the external information
environment also depends on the characteristics of the data
inside the embryo's two original yin and yang energy
particles. Therefore, we need to dissect and analyse the
production mechanism of the energy embryo for each type of

Mechanism of Particle Production of Yin and Yang Energy Embryo

yin and yang energy particle. That helps us understand the
nature of every kind of energy particle through the
production mechanism of the yin and yang embryo.
- The mechanism for producing negative energy
particles of the universe's energy embryo is as follows:
+ Through the vibration of the original yin particle in
the energy embryo, the mechanism of absorbing information
from the external environment of the original yin energy
particle is activated. Information from the outside medium is
absorbed through point 1 (information receiving point) in the
negative particle. Information from the external environment
is missing information or harmful information. This
information has negative values and no value for the
sustainable development of all things. This information exists
in cold environments and from material structures with
harmful wave properties.
+ The process of absorbing negative and deficient
information from the outside environment into the original
energy embryo shows that the power of the original negative
energy particle is dominating the information of the initial
positive energy particle. It shows that the information value
of the positive energy particle is not strong enough to control
the information of the original negative particle. As a result,
the original negative energy particle loses control in
appraising and absorbing information from the outside
environment.
+ Negative information from the outside environment
is absorbed and closely linked to part of the information of the
intellectual wave code strand in the original negative particle
to form a new information value. That means that to absorb a

certain amount of negative and false information from the
outside environment, part of the toxic information value of
the negative particle will vibrate and erupt to bind and absorb
the information outside.
+ A new information value is formed through the
movement of the yin and yang energy embryo while being
dominated by the harmful ideology of the yin energy particle.
As a result, one too many intellectual wave code fibres
carrying negative electric waves are copied from the original
yin intellectual wave code fibre. When the new intelligence
strand is copied, it is stored in the original negative particle
next to the original negative intelligence wave code strand. In
addition, from those new intellectual wa ve code fibres, they
copied into new fibres and moved to the extreme, containing
the harmful energy particles of the mature embryo. Then,
they become new harmful energy particles.
+ Thus, the new intellectual wave code fibre is born
from the intellectual wave code fibre of the original yin
particle that carries the toxins of the original yin particle and
the toxins of the external environment. That intellectual wave
code strand is s tored in the original negative particle and
copied into many harmful energy particles to move outward
to build a synthetic energy particle structure that expands
outward. In addition, several harmful particles move into
space outside the physical structure containing the yin and
yang embryo.
+ When the yin and yang energy embryo produces
harmful energy particles, a quantity of destructive energy
particles catches the strong vibration signal of the original yin
particle and the negative particle system. They then move in

Mechanism of Particle Production of Yin and Yang Energy Embryo

to discharge their excess heat to negative particle structures.
For the yin and yang energy embryo of the universe, because
there is a protective covering, the destructive particles can
only move to the protective covering of the energy sphere.
However, fo r tuelinhs and humans, when practising the
production of harmful particles, the destructive particles will
easily penetrate the structure and practice the mechanism of
discharging excess heat.
+ Only the type of harmful energy particles is produced
when the yin and yang energy embryo creates negative
particles. The reason is that yang energy particles do not
participate in receiving and encoding information, so they do
not create new information values for the positive particle
production mechanism to be implemented.
- The mechanism for producing positive energy
particles of the yin and yang energy embryo of the universe is
as follows:
+ Through the slight vibration of the original negative
energy particle in a positive or negative thermal environment,
the information value of the outside environment is absorbed
into the energy embryo's initial negative and positive
particles. That means that the original positive energy particle
can control the information of the original negative energy
particle. Therefore, the initial positive energy particle
controls and evaluates the information values that must be
absorbed into its embryo. The infor mation absorbed is
accurate and brings the characteristics of sustainable
development to all things.
+ Participate in absorbing information, including both
positive and negative particles. The original positive particle

controls and selects information values in the external
environment by controlling the original negative particle. The
initial positive particle manages the original negative particle
so it does not develop internal toxins, so it quickly performs
the task of absorbing information from the outside
environment into both the initial negative and positive
particles.
+ When information is absorbed into the original
embryo with the characteristics of sustainable development
due to the truth of the information and heat, the initial
positive energy particle will vibrate and activate the value of
developmental information within the intellectual wave code.
For the original yin particle, the positive information and heat
of the outside environment will help control and destroy the
toxins inside the intellectual wave code fibre. That makes the
information value of the newly p roduced positive particle
inherit the positive value of the external environment and the
original positive particle. The freshly created negative
particle inherits the positive information of the external
environment and the information of the original neg ative
particle with feeble electric waves. The new negative
particle's electric waves are weak because the toxins are
controlled and removed.
+ Positive heat from the explosion of destructive energy
is a valuable heat source to create positive energy particles.
Therefore, it promotes the production of positive energy
particles of yin and yang embryos to the most optimal effect.
+ Thus, the positive energy particle production
mechanism of the original yin and yang energy embryo has
simultaneously produced both positive and negative

Mechanism of Particle Production of Yin and Yang Energy Embryo

particles. Harmful particles are produced through the
mechanism of producing positive particles without toxins.
They have weak negative electric waves that are enough to
help harmful energy particles perform the information
absorption mechanism under the control of positive particles.
In addition, neutral energy particles are also produced
through the production mechanism of positive particles. Of
course, to complete the production of positive, negative, and
neutral energy particles, the energy embryo must finish
absorbing information and reacting with the external
environment.
+ When producing positive energy particles is
complete, new positive, negative, and neutral intelligence
wave-code strands will be generated from the original
strands and stored in the original yin and yang particles. As
for the neutral particle, it will b e tightly attached to the
membrane of the yin and yang energy embryo. Then, from the
newly produced intellectual wave code fibres, they copy into
many new particles and move to the extremes containing yin
and yang particles outside the mature embryo to for m its
more giant structure. In addition, a fresh amount of energy
particles are moved into the universe's space.
So, you can see the difference between the mechanism
of producing energy particles of yin and yang embryos and
the mechanism of converting from wave-particles into energy
particles with yin and yang electric waves. It would help if you
remembered that the mechanism of producing energy
particles of the universe's yin and yang embryo, the tuelinhs,
the soul in humans, the soul in animals, and the structures
with yin and yang energy embryos are all the same. It shares

the exact mechanism and nature. Therefore, when you
understand the mechanism of energy particle production in
this lesson, you will quickly discover the truth of everything
in and out of the universe, tuelinhs and humans."