Chapter Forty-Six

The Diversity of Negative and Positive
Energy Particles

Under the shade of the big trees and the melodiousness
of the cool autumn breezes, everyone seemed to be immersed
in that romance and thinking about the Teacher's lecture.
Some students were thinking while unconsciously pulling out
the grass with their han ds. The lecture on the particle
production mechanism of yin and yang energy embryos
confused people.
Seeing everyone pondering, the Teacher said, "Are you
confused about the particle production mechanism of the yin
and yang energy embryo? Please simplify your thinking.
Memorise important content, and don't try to remember
everything in each lecture. The values of knowledge of the two
truths and the smallest energy particle are always linked and
appear in lectures under different analytical angles. When you
listen and study the entire sermon, then listen and read it
repeatedly, the essence of knowledge and complete
understanding will exist in your soul and wisdom. Many
people have difficulty learning it at first and don't know how

to teach that knowledge to others. However, after studying,
they understood and taught people very well, especially the
ability to give extremely vivid and interesting illustrative
examples. Please relax after each lecture because that is how
the brain can receive information easily and effectively
transfer it to wisdom."
A student said to his Teacher, "Teacher, I understand
that the energy embryo of the first tuelinh is also the energy
embryo of the universe. It is a magical yin and yang energy
embryo formed by a positive energy particle with super -
strong positive electric waves and a negative energy particle
with feeble negative electric waves. According to the principle
and nature, that embryo only produces positive energy
particles with super -strong positive electric waves and
negative energy particles with fragile negative electric waves.
However, different types of energy particles exist in the space
of the giant energy sphere. Many energy particles have
different positive and negative electric waves, from weak to
super strong ones. I still don't understand why the miraculous
energy embryo of the first tuelinh produced such particles.
Please explain that issue to us clearly."
The Teacher replied, "The issue related to energy
particles with weak to super-strong electric wave properties
produced from yin and yang energy embryos is a secret to the
tuelinh life form. It is two of the three secrets all tuelinhs must
incarnate as humans to practice and find solutions. That is the
secret of ourselves and other tuelinhs, and the secret of all
things. To understand those two secrets, each tuelinh and
each person must know the two truths and the smallest
energy particles. Understanding th e mechanism of particle

The Diversity of Negative and Positive Energy Particles

production and the variety of particles produced from yin and
yang energy embryos will help tuelinhs and humans
understand two of the three secrets being sought. When
understanding those two secrets, everyone will understand
the secret of destructive energ y particles. From the first
lectures until now, you have thoroughly understood the
energy of destruction, and the remaining two secrets have
also been relatively understood. It would help if you
remembered that, only when you have learned the entire
knowledge of the two truths and the smallest energy particles,
will you completely understand the truth of yourself and
other tuelinhs, other people, all things and destructive energy.
Because of that, each lecture will help you know all three
secrets in different analytical aspects.
You have heard and understood about the mechanism
of producing energy particles of yin and yang embryos. Now,
I will show you the variety of energy particles produced by
the energy embryo of the first tuelinh. To easily understand
and receive these essential information units, you continue to
transform into the smallest particles of energy to move to the
past. You will move into the universe's yin and yang energy
embryo to observe the production process of energy particles
from that embryo. Before going on that journey of discovery,
you must remember that the information and heat of the
outside environment reacting with the information of the yin
and yang energy embryo will create types of energy particles
with different electric wave characteristics. That is the key to
deciphering why the energy embryo of the supreme spirit and
other tuelinhs later produced many particles with different
electric wave characteristics.

Now, please relax and close your eyes. Please focus on
the soul within you and realize that your soul is the smallest
particle of energy. You are the smallest particles of energy,
and you have begun the journey to explore inside the
universe's yin and yang energy embryo in the past. Please
believe that you are the positive energy particles born from
the energy embryo of the first tuelinh. You are positive energy
particles with super strong yellow positive electric waves
with magical power. Because you have just been born, you
must move to the extreme that contains the positive energy
particles of the mature energy embryo. Don't look for me
because I always exist everywhere and within you. Please
focus on exploring the world of the smallest particles
according to my instructions.
Please look inside the cosmic energy embryo's original
yin and yang particles. Each positive intelligence wave code
fibre in the positive particle is your original version. You are
copied from that original intellectual wave code, become a
new positive ene rgy particle, and move out to this positive
pole. Did you know? You are part of the expression of the
intellectual nature of the original intellectual wave code fibre
in the original positive particle of the yin and yang embryo
and part of the information value of the external environment.
Please look at the negative pole. A particle of negative energy
there was produced when you were born. You are a pair of
twins resulting from reacting information of the original
energy embryo with information from the ou tside
environment. Thus, you are the children of the original yin
and yang energy embryo. In particular, you inherit part of the
genetic characteristics of the original yin and yang particles.

The Diversity of Negative and Positive Energy Particles

I'm sure you're wondering why you were born with such a
super-strong positive electric wave characteristic.
To know why the energy embryo of the first tuelinh
produced positive energy particles with super strong positive
electric waves like you and other energy particles with
electric wave properties, I will show you the journey of
particle production according to each time stage of the energy
embryo. As follows:
1 - Stage of the yin and yang embryo from the moment.
It is formed until it becomes mature. Please look around at the
yin and yang poles. You will only see a few yellow energy
particles at the positive and grey-white energy particles at the
negative poles. You also see some strands of wisdom wave
code inside the original yin and yang particles. In particular,
you will see particles of destructive energy on the outside of
the protective membrane of the energy embryo. Although the
protective membrane of the e nergy embryo is thick and
durable, it is transparent so that you can see the life form of
the destructive particles on the outside. Please observe the
strong yellow electric waves transmitted from the original
positive energy particle to the original negative energy
particle. It creates pulses of bright yellow light radiating into
the surrounding space. Every time a positive electric wave
passes to the original negative particle, the negative particle
does not vibrate. However, when the positive particle do es
not transmit electric waves, the negative particle vibrates and
radiates cold heat. The information reaction of the original yin
and yang particle creates a sparkling light effect in the night
of the endless brown space. That shows us that the positive
energy particle controls the vibration of the negative energy

particle very effectively, and both particles perform their
functions and tasks well. What do you see? When the yin
particle vibrates and radiates cold heat, some destructive
energy particles attack the membrane of the energy embryo.
However, the electric wave of the positive energy particle is
immediately transmitted to the negative particle to stop the
vibration and attract other destructive particles. At the same
time, the positive heat from the positive particle detonates the
annihilation particles outside the protective membrane of the
embryo. Next, the positive particle stops controlling the
negative particle so that the negative particle vibrates and
absorbs heat from the explosion of external destructive
particles. After the heat from the outside is absorbed into the
yin and yang energy embryo, the original positive particle
copies out wisdom wave code fibres carrying positive electric
waves similar to the original wisdom wave code fibre. The
original negative particle also copies the intellectual wav e
code fibres with weak negative electric waves identical to the
initial intellectual wave code fibre in the particle. The
movement and reaction of the universe's original yin and
yang energy embryo in the early stages takes place like this
over a long per iod. This process helps the energy embryo
produce countless positive energy particles with super strong
yellow positive electric waves and numerous harmful energy
particles with fragile grey -white negative electric waves. Do
you know why? There are several reasons:
- The original positive particle in the embryo can
control the negative particle's vibration. In addition, it also
has the power to appraise the value of external information

The Diversity of Negative and Positive Energy Particles

by regulating harmful energy particles to absorb external
information.
- The original yin particle in the embryo has weak
electric waves, so it does not vibrate strongly. That creates
favourable conditions for the initial positive energy particle
to control and evaluate the value of information encoded from
the outside.
- The connection and performance of the conventional
tasks of the two original yin and yang particles attract a small
number of destructive particles to attack, then detonate them
to absorb heat into the embryo. That is the advantage of the
original yin and yang embryo, combined with a super strong
yang and a weak yin particle. Such yin and yang embryos will
not provoke large numbers of destructive particles to attack
simultaneously and ensure the power to detonate
annihilation particles when they strike.
- The magical power of yin and yang embryos has
helped them encode the truth of the information in the
external environment by attracting and detonating
destructive energy. In addition, the abundant heat absorbed
from the detonated annihilation particles h as helped the
positive intellectual wave code fibres have super strong
positive electric waves, and the harmful intelligence wave
code fibres have feeble electric waves. Thus, the yellow
positive energy particles and the grey -white harmful energy
particles are born due to the information reaction process
that carries the nature of the original embryo and the accurate
information along with the abundant heat from the external
environment.

2 - The stage from the mature embryo until the
formation of an adult tuelinh. Please look. The mature energy
embryo has become a super -giant energy sphere. A thick,
transparent white membrane surrounds and forms an energy
sphere. Outside is the space of de structive energy. Inside is a
tuelinh structure (soul) like an adult. Within that tuelinh
structure is the mature energy embryo you saw and observed
in the previous stage. That means the energy embryo has
developed and become a mature tuelinh after an infi nitely
long period. That tuelinh and this giant energy sphere share a
yin and yang energy embryo. Do you see anything? That
tuelinh radiates yellow and white light from within the entire
synthetic particle structure of the body. That supreme soul
lives in an energy sphere many times larger than him. Around
him were yellow -positive and grey -white harmful energy
particles floating. Thus, the tuelinh matures, and the energy
particles around him are protected by the shell that envelops
the energy sphere. You have seen a mature tuelinh and many
energy particles surrounding him in the energy sphere. That
is a massive difference from the stage of just a mature embryo.
Please look at the original yin and yang particles and the yin
and yang extremes. The intellectual wave codes and energy
particles produced are still yellow at the yang pole and grey -
white at the negative pole. That shows that the energy embryo
of the universe still only generates yellow positive particles
with super strong electric waves and grey -white harmful
energy particles with fragile electric waves. Producing these
yin and yang particles lasts from the stage of a mature yin and
yang embryo developing into a tuelinh baby and then
becoming an adult tuelinh. At this point, the energy sphere

The Diversity of Negative and Positive Energy Particles

becomes much more extensive than that tuelinh. The reason
for the production of energy particles is similar to the
previous stage because:
- The original embryo still functions according to the
functions and tasks assigned by the original yin and yang
particles. That means the initial positive particle still ensures
the power to control the negative particle to absorb the
destructive particle s attacking the energy sphere and then
detonate them by the heat emitted from the original positive
particle. Finally, the negative particle absorbs heat from
external explosions to complete the particle production.
- Although outside that tuelinh, many positive and
negative energy particles appeared and interacted with him
in the energy sphere, they did not hinder the original yin and
yang embryo's reaction to the destructive energy outside the
sphere. That ensures t hat the heat absorbed from the outer
membrane covering the energy sphere into the yin and yang
embryo is not lost.
- Heat from explosions of destructive energy, accurate
information inside the energy sphere due to harmful particles
with fragile negative electric waves, and heat from super
strong positive energy particles are all absorbed by the
original yin and yang en ergy embryo. The crystallisation of
the information value and positive heat of the external
environment with the nature of the original yin-yang embryo
has caused the yin -yang embryo to only produce yellow
positive particles with super strong electric wave s and grey-
white harmful particles with weak electric waves.
3 - The period from when the first tuelinh became an
adult tuelinh until the Big Bang. This stage lasts indefinitely,

producing yin and yang particles with strong and weak
electric wave characteristics. It would help if you
remembered that, to become a mature tuelinh, he has worked
hard since he was an original yin -yang embryo to react and
operate the process of detonatin g destructive energy and
producing particles. His achievements were rewarded by the
most miraculous yin and yang particles produced from his yin
and yang embryos. They formed the composite particle
structure and helped him become a mature tuelinh. It shows
that his growth occurred in an environment that continuously
reacted with the life form of destructive energy particles. It
was fierce and lasted more than six billion years (according to
the earth's calendar) from when his yin -yang embryo was
formed until the Big Bang. The first tuelinh becoming an adult
tuelinh is a miracle and greatness of the universe. It is
miraculous from the original yin and yang embryo to all his
yang and yin energy particles. The magic is that all positive
particles have super -strong electric waves, and all harmful
particles have fragile electric waves. The result of that miracle
was the creation of a giant sphere containing himself and
countless yin and yang energy particles born from him. Those
energy particles are positive parti cles with super strong
electric waves and harmful particles with weak electric
waves. Starting from this stage, the yin and yang embryo of
that tuelinh produces energy particles with different electric
wave characteristics. However, when that tuelinh matur ed,
his wisdom became transcendent. Therefore, he selected
valuable energy particles to incorporate into his body as a
variety of particles were produced. That means he only
selects yellow -positive particles and grey -white harmful

The Diversity of Negative and Positive Energy Particles

particles to form in his body. Energy particles with properties
different from the above two types of particles were all moved
out of his body, and they existed in the space of the energy
sphere. The reason for this phenomenon is that through
endless periods of operating electric waves to detonate and
absorb heat from destructive energy, he has understood the
value of particles to select them and increase power for
yourself. To understand the wisdom and magical power of the
first tuelinh in producing and se lecting particles with
different electric wave characteristics, you continue to
explore the operating process and create reactions to
generate his particles. Specifically for each type of particle as
follows:
- For grey harmful energy particles with strong electric
waves. Look, the energy sphere's space has become much
more extensive. The mature tuelinh is still at the centre and
operates the movement of energy particles. Have you seen it?
There were countless grey-white and yellow energy particles.
What do you see? That first tuelinh was busy, and it seemed
he was working harder to create vibrations of the entire
system of negative particles in the energy sphere. It was not
easy for him to create vibrations of the negative particle
system to attract the attack of destructive energy as the
energy sphere became larger and the membrane became
thicker. Because of that, the vibration speed, according to the
nature of the original yin particle and the convention of th e
original yin and yang embryo, is not enough signal to attract
destructive energy. You see, he is trying much harder to
increase the vibration speed of the entire yin particle system
from the original yin and yang embryo. Do you see? There

have already been many destructive energy particles
attacking the membrane of the giant energy sphere. Then, a
positive particle system is dispatched to the sphere's
membrane to detonate those annihilation particles. Look, the
heat absorbed into the origin al embryo from the sphere's
protective membrane is consumed by harmful particles and
the environment of areas with many negative particles in the
energy sphere. Therefore, the heat absorbed into the original
yin and yang embryo has been greatly consumed. H owever,
grey harmful energy particles with strong electric waves were
produced when the heat had not been absorbed into the yin
and yang embryo. The reason is because:
+ The original negative particle had to vibrate beyond
the threshold while creating vibrations and signals to attract
destructive particles to attack the energy embryo.
+ The information of the entire system of vibrating
harmful particles in the energy sphere absorbed into the
original negative particle is too much and redundant.
+ The heat from the explosion of destructive energy has
not been absorbed.
Therefore, for the above three reasons, grey negative
energy particles with strong electric waves were produced
before the original energy embryo completed the reaction
process and detonated the destructive energy particles for the
production process of positive particles.
- For fire-red positive energy particles with very strong
electric waves. Do you see anything? The hot heat was
absorbed into the original yin and yang energy embryo and
interrupted the production of harmful particles with strong
electric waves. At this point, the heat from the explosion of the

The Diversity of Negative and Positive Energy Particles

annihilation particles has been extensively consumed on its
journey into the yin and yang embryo. It must cut off the
process of producing harmful particles with strong electric
waves. Therefore, the heat is no longer enough to help the
original positive particle create positive particles with super-
strong electric waves. Instead, fire -red positive energy
particles with very strong electric waves are produced. Very
strong positive electric waves are weaker than super strong
positive electric waves. In addit ion, harmful energy particles
with weak electric waves are always produced because the
information encoding and heat absorption process is
complete. Thus, the destructive energy detonation reaction
does not create enough heat to help the original positive
particle produce yellow positive particles.
- For black negative energy particles with very strong
electric waves. Please continue to look at the energy sphere.
You see, countless grey harmful particles and fire-red positive
energy particles existed. Besides, the energy sphere continues
to become much more extensive. You continue to look at the
first tuelinh. The first tuelinh is trying very hard to operate all
the energy particles in the energy sphere to perform reactions
with destructive energy and particle production repeatedly.
Like the process o f producing grey yin energy particles, he
continued to increase the vibration speed of the entire system
of yin particles in the energy sphere and the original yin
particles in his yin and yang embryo. That attracted a lot of
destructive energy to attack the protective cover of the energy
sphere while the sphere became larger. You see, his work
becomes much more complex and complicated than the
previous stages when he has to operate the existence and

development of all particles in the energy sphere with greatly
increased numbers, and outside are attacks of destructive
energy. Please continue to look at the original yin and yang
embryo. Black harmful energy particles with very strong
electric waves wer e produced in abundance when the
reaction process of detonating the destructive particles was
not completed. The reason is the same as the process of
creating grey harmful energy particles: the vibration speed of
the original negative particle and the encoding of information
is lacking, and all become overloaded and redundant while
the heat is not enough to control it.
- For green positive energy particles with strong
electric waves. Please continue to observe the original yin and
yang embryo. Do you see anything? When the heat is
absorbed into the yin and yang embryo, the original yin
particle no longer produces black negative particles. Instead,
it generates grey -white harmful energy particles. Besides,
green positive particles with strong electric waves are
produced. That results from a wasteful process and
insufficient heat to produce yellow -positive particles.
Therefore, positive particles with weaker electric waves are
produced. However, if the detonation reaction of the
destructive particles generates sufficient heat, yellow -
positive particles will still be produced.
- For blood-red negative energy particles with super -
strong waves. Please continue observing the supreme soul,
the energy sphere, and his yin and yang embryo. It was more
difficult for him to try increasing the vibration speed of the
original negative and all harmful particles. At the same time,
the energy sphere had become a super -giant sphere. In the

The Diversity of Negative and Positive Energy Particles

energy sphere, areas with different electric waves have
formed because countless particles with other electric wave
characteristics have formed. That makes the environment in
the energy sphere much more complicated than in previous
stages. The information values from those environments have
become diverse. Do you see anything? Blood -red negative
energy particles are produced when the reaction process of
detonating the destructive particles outside the energy
sphere is not completed. The cause is the same as the
production stage of other types of negative particles, which is
the vibration speed of the original negative particle and the
encoding of information is lacking, and all become overloaded
and redundant while the heat is not enough to control it.
- For ivory white positive energy particles with weak
electric waves. Please continue to observe the yin and yang
embryo of that tuelinh. Blood -red negative particles are no
longer produced as the heat from the destructive particle's
explosion is absorbed into the embryo. Instead, grey -white
harmful particles are made when it has fully re -encoded the
information. Besides, ivory white positive particles are
produced when there is insufficient heat to create positive
particles with stronger electric waves.
In every reaction process that produces particles,
harmful energy particles will be generated if the original
negative particle has encoded wrong information and is not
controlled by positive heat. However, when heat is provided
to the yin and yang embryo, the encoded information
becomes complete and valuable. At that time, positive energy
particles will be produced, and negative particles with weak
electric waves will also be produced. In addition, neutral

energy particles are always produced when the yin -yang
embryo creates positive energy particles.
You need to understand that, after forming energy
particles with different electric wave characteristics, they are
always produced in each destructive energy detonation
reaction. It does not follow the rules of which type of particle
is generated first or last; it depends on the amount of heat
from the explosion of destructive energy that creates different
kinds of positive energy particles. That shows the importance
of information and heat in the yin -yang embryos' energy
particle production process. From there, a diversity of energy
particles is created in the energy universe.
Remember that, in producing harmful energy particles
with strong, very strong and super strong electric waves, the
original negative particle of the first tuelinh will be balanced
and return to their nature as weak electric waves when the
heat from the explosion of destructive energy is absorbed. In
particular, because he has grown up and has magical power
from the system of yellow positive particles and grey -white
negative particles in his body, he can select valuable particles
to develop his structure to become stronger and more
magical. He eliminated energy particles from that power that
were worthless and incompatible with his original yin and
yang particles.
Now, please return to the present. Relax after receiving
information about energy particles on a difficult level."
After everyone sat and relaxed, the autumn afternoon
sunlight faded, and darkness began to cover the vast space
and sky. The teacher and everyone began to return to the

The Diversity of Negative and Positive Energy Particles

hotel to rest and continue their journey to visit other relic
sites.