Chapter Forty-Seven

The First Tuelinh

When the bus door opened, a thick and high wall
appeared in front of everyone's eyes. Large blocks of bricks
were glued together to form the walls of the ancient kingdom.
That is the kingdom where Prince Siddhartha grew up. Then,
he left the capital and th e throne, and he will succeed in the
future. As you know, he achieved enlightenment after six
years of ascetic practice and became Buddha. This ancient
capital, surrounded by extensive rice fields, is now only a
historical relic in Nepal. The ancient capit al is more than an
hour away by bus from the border with India. Today is the
ninth day of the ten -day journey of the teacher and his
students in India and Nepal. The teacher told the students
stories about Buddha's journey from when he left the capital
until he attained enlightenment and spread knowledge.
Besides, before arriving at this ancient capital, the teacher
told everyone stories about Prince Siddhartha before leaving
to find enlightenment. That is the life of the crown prince, the
architecture of t he houses in the capital. Therefore, when
people step inside the gate of the relic, the foundations of the

blocks and the architecture of the ancient citadel seem to be
recreated and become an old and familiar citadel.
As everyone walked to the centre of the ruins, the
teacher said, "Do you see? The foundation blocks of each
house for the private families of each member of the royal
family are the same as what I described to you before. Look at
the southeast direction ov er there; that is where the king
expanded the capital and built a temple for the prince to
practice and study. After the capital was expanded, it was
three times larger than the old capital. However, that did not
make the prince stop being bored. As a resu lt, he left this
capital from the southeast and went southeast to the territory
that now belongs to India to practice. He then achieved
achievements in enlightenment and imparted his knowledge.
Did you know? According to the plan of the tuelinh
council, our journey to return to visit these relics is two years
from now. However, we must return to these relics two years
earlier. That helps me restore essential memories of my past
life and upgrade my enlightened knowledge to a new level. In
addition, time is running out, so everything and tasks are
being implemented faster by my tuelinh and tuelinh council."
After that, the teacher and everyone spent the morning
visiting the remaining ruins of the ancient citadel. The regrets
about the bustling capital of an old country are evident in
everyone's thoughts and words when witnessing the
remaining ruins. It results from wars between ancient nations
and the ravages of time.
After a few hours of rest and lunch, the teacher and his
students continued visiting another relic in Buddha's life,
where the crown prince was born. That place is close to the

The First Tuelinh

ancient capital, and people continue to travel by bus. Even
though it was afternoon, the sun had already set when we
arrived and gradually hid behind the forests and hills. At this
relic, there is a huge house that preserves traces and stories
about the birth of the crown prince. Outside the house is a lake
and a tall iron pillar. The iron pillar is a symbol that always
appears at relics related to the life and process of preaching
the knowledge of Buddha. Those massive iron pillars were
erected by a king w ho previously unified ancient countries
into one vast India. Because that king had deep faith in
Buddha's knowledge, he spread Buddha's knowledge
throughout India. Besides, he built and erected massive iron
pillars at locations believed to be essential mil estones in
Buddha's life. That was how the king wanted future
generations to know about Buddha's journey of practice and
teaching of enlightened knowledge.
Everyone sat together on the lawn after touring the
entire campus where the crown prince was born. The autumn
afternoon sunlight is gradually fading and replaced by cool
breezes and darkness. At that time, a student said to the
Teacher, "Teacher, I and eve ryone else would like to have a
deep understanding of the first tuelinh: How he was formed
and became a mature tuelinh? Please teach us all about that
special knowledge."
He said, "You should feel the natural beauty and
wonderful autumn afternoon of this place first, then I will tell
you interesting things about the first tuelinh."
After a few minutes of feeling a natural beauty and the
cool breeze here, the Teacher began lecturing, "Actually, you
have learned a lot about the supreme soul. Those lectures

have helped you understand the knowledge of ancestral
wave-particles, the yin and yang embryos, the energy sphere
of the universe, and the types of energy particles produced by
that supreme soul. Before that, some sermons mentioned him
many times. In particular, in the lecture on the production
mechanism of yin and yang particles and the diversity of types
of yin and yang energy particles, I analyzed and talked about
him a lot. It can be said that I talked 50% about the first
tuelinh. Do you know what that is? That mechanism produces
yin and yang energy particles with different electric wave
characteristics. You must understand that when talking about
the production mechanism of energy particles, we are talking
about the first tuelinh. On the contrary, when discussing the
first tuelinh, we discuss the mechanism that produces yin and
yang particles. Why? Because he was created from the
transformation of two ancestral wave-particles to form two
yin and yang energy particles. After those two magical energy
particles bond together to form a yin and yang energy
embryo, it operates a mechanism to produce countless
smallest energy particles with different negative and positive
electric waves. The diversity of life forms in the universe is
formed from those countless yin and yang energy particles.
Do you know what the remaining 50% of the first tuelinh is?
Remember, in a recent lecture, I mentioned an inseparable
pair of mechanisms. So, what is it?"
A student immediately replied, "That is the linking
mechanism, Teacher. The production mechanism and the
connection mechanism are an inseparable set of mechanisms
in developing life in the universe from the miraculous yin and
yang energy embryo."

The First Tuelinh

The Teacher said, "That's right, the remaining 50% of
the knowledge and understanding about the first tuelinh is
the connecting mechanism. When you understand the entire
knowledge of the mechanism of production and linking, you
will understand the birth and growth of the first tuelinh.
Remember that energy particles are produced by a
reaction process that absorbs information and heat from the
external environment into the internal environment of the yin
and yang embryo. The subject must have yin and yang energy
embryos inside to produce yin and yang energy particles. That
means physical structures without yin and yang energy
embryos cannot produce negative and positive particles. It
depends on the reaction process between the yin and yang
environment inside the energy embryo and the outsi de
environment to generate particles with different electric
wave characteristics. The primary environment is
information and heat. It would help if you remembered the
production mechanism of the yin and yang energy embryo in
general and the yin and yang e nergy embryo of the first
tuelinh.
When talking about the bonding mechanism of energy
particles with electric waves, you must remember that there
are two types of bonding, which are:
- Mechanism of connection between the smallest
negative and positive energy particles to form yin and yang
embryos. This type of connection accounts for the universe's
diversity of matter and life forms.
- Mechanism of connecting energy particles with the
same electric wave to form synthetic energy particles. That is,
the smallest positive energy particles bond together to form

synthetic positive energy particles; the smallest particles of
negative energy bond together to form composite negative
energy particles; and the smallest neutral particles connect to
form aggregate neutral particles. The composite energy
particles undergo a binding reaction after the energy embryo
produces the smallest energy particles. This connection helps
the yin and yang energy embryo grow stronger in structure
and informational value.
The conditions for the binding reaction to occur are:
- For the linking mechanism to form yin and yang
energy embryos, the linking reaction only occurs when the
following conditions are met:
+ Negative energy particles bond with positive energy
particles. They bond in a 1:1 ratio. That means only one
negative particle bonds with one positive particle to form a
yin and yang embryo. There will be no exceptions to creating
a yin and yang embryo.
+ Between the smallest negative particle and the
smallest positive particle, similarity or matching information
must exist.
+ Between negative and positive particles, there must
be the same type of vibration code. That is, energy particles
with simple intellectual wave codes will connect, energy
particles with complex intellectual wave codes will bond, and
energy particles with super-complex intellectual wave codes
will link.
- For the binding mechanism to form synthetic
particles, the linking reaction only occurs when the following
conditions are met:

The First Tuelinh

+ The smallest particles linked together must have the
same electric waves. That is the linking between negative
particles, between positive particles, and between neutral
particles.
+ The particles must have the same information
content. Different reactions during movement can produce
particles but must have the same information value. When
synthetic positive, negative, and neutral particles are formed,
they will continue to bond to c reate a composite cluster of
energy particles. The synthetic particle cluster has the
following structure: the synthetic positive particles are linked
by the synthetic neutral particles, the neutral particles
become the connecting rope between the syntheti c positive
particles, and the synthetic negative particles move around
the synthetic positive particles in a 1:1 ratio.
+ There must be the same type of vibrational wave code
between the particles. That is, energy particles with simple
intellectual wave codes will connect, energy particles with
complex intellectual wave codes will bond, and energy
particles with super -complex intellectual wave codes will
link.
Remember, the bonding mechanism of the smallest
particle with positive and negative electric waves is inevitable
after the production mechanism is completed. This set of
mechanisms is the mechanism that operates the law of cause
and effect. In a lecture on cause and effect, I will further
analyze the mechanism of generation and connection from a
different perspective. To understand the birth and growth of
the first tuelinh, you only need to understand the mechanism
of such production and linking. That knowl edge is enough to

confuse you, and you need to read and listen to this lesson
many times to understand about the supreme soul."
Another student asked the teacher, "Teacher, please
explain more clearly to us about the compatibility of
information in the linking mechanism that forms yin and yang
embryos and the same information content in the linking
mechanism that forms synthetic particles."
The teacher smiled and said, "An excellent and valuable
question to help learners understand faster. I give you two
examples to make it easier for you to understand:
- Example one: a man and a woman who love each other
and get married. The male represents the positive particle,
and the female represents the negative particle. They are
entirely different in gender as well as internal nature. The fact
that they fell in lov e and decided to get married resulted in
them finding out information about each other. The
information they learn about each other can be their
appearance, personality, family situation, and economic
ability. Besides, there are the inner emotions of each person
when they interact with each other. When their inner feelings
and the value of the information they learn about each other
match or partially, they will fall in love and marry.
- Example two: I teach the knowledge of the two truths
and the smallest energy particle. After studying, you decided
to follow me to spread this knowledge together. It is the result
of faith, the nature of understanding knowledge, and
dedicating one's life to carrying out the mission together on
the path of enlightenment in the human world. That shows
that each of us represents an energy particle with the exact
nature of information inside. Then, we join in carring out the

The First Tuelinh

mission when everyone has the same ideology and
information.
Example one represents the bonding mechanism of the
yin and yang embryo, and example two illustrates the
bonding mechanism of the composite energy particle. Those
two examples are similar to the information problem in terms
of the mechanism of connection b etween particles to form
yin-yang embryos and composite particles. However, to
thoroughly understand, you must study the lectures on the
nature of yin and yang embryo pairs and the law of cause and
effect in future lectures."
The student immediately replied, "Teacher, the two
examples you gave have helped me better understand the
compatibility of information in the linking mechanism that
forms yin and yang embryos and the same information
content in the linking mechanism forms aggregate particles.
From the smallest particles and their operating mechanisms,
it's amazing that we can use phenomena and facts to explain
them."
The Teacher continued to lecture, "You must
understand that from the smallest energy particles, all things
and life forms in and outside the universe are created.
Therefore, you must realise particles, their operational
mechanism, and their nature. From there, you can understand
and explain the nature of all things, events, and phenomena in
and outside the universe.
Now, we return to the process of the first tuelinh being
born and growing up after you have understood the
mechanism of production and connection. Through that set of
mechanisms, you not only deeply understand the first tuelinh,

but you can appreciate other tuelinhs, people, animals, and all
things, events, and phenomena in and out of the universe.
Hey friends, I must emphasise and reaffirm to you that
the first tuelinh is God. All things and life forms in this
universe were created from his yin and yang energy embryo.
All tuelinhs respect him, and they call him Father. Humans
also have to pay the same respect because within each of us is
a tuelinh that exists within. He practised many lifetimes in the
human world and attained full enlightenment, that is, Buddha.
It would help if you were respectful when thinking and talking
about him. He is the source and power of all life forms in this
universe. We need to have reverence for him to have
invaluable strength and support from the source within
ourselves. Of course, even if we deny and reject him, he will
never deny and leave us.
Now, we return to the past time of the universe's
magical yin and yang energy embryo, which is the appearance
of a negative energy particle with weak electric waves and a
positive particle with super strong electric waves. These
smallest yin and yang energy particles are transformed from
ancestral wave-particles in a thermal environment. These two
particles have electric wave properties because they are
formed in a thermal environment, so they have a mechanism
of spinning around themselves. When the negativ e particle
rotates, it will stimulate the vibration speed to absorb heat
and information from the outside environment. On the
contrary, when the positive particle rotates, it will radiate
heat and transmit information from the inside out. Both
energy parti cles have the compatibility of information, so

The First Tuelinh

they easily connect to form the universe's magical yin and
yang energy embryo.

There are two reasons why those two yin and yang
particles are linked together:
- They have a mechanism to rotate and orbit against
each other. This mechanism helps positive particles radiate
heat and information while harmful particles absorb heat and
information.
- There is compatibility in information between two yin
and yang particles, so they can easily connect into yin and
yang embryos when they have a spinning mechanism. The
compatibility in the information of these two particles is due

to a chain of detonation reactions of destructive particles.
That is, positive particles are formed when wave-particles
move into a sufficiently hot thermal environment; Negative
particles are formed when wave-particles move through a hot
thermal environment but have not yet fully converted, then
move into a cold thermal environment after travelling
through a neutral environment. Both hot and cold thermal
environments are created by an explosive reaction of
destructive particles simultaneously and at the same point in
space.
Thus, the universe's magic at that time was the
evolution of wave-particles. These are wave-particles that
essentially contain a vast source of energy that has not yet
been activated and does not encode information; however,
they have developed into a yin and yang energy embryo with
electric waves and encoded immense information value
inside after going through the process of developing into the
annihilating particle life form, then the smallest positive and
negative particles. The connection to form the yin and yang
embryo of the two smallest yin and yang particles creates a
miraculous development in the develo pment process of the
universe.
When the yin and yang energy embryo of the first
tuelinh was formed, it became a significant milestone in the
development process of the first tuelinh and the entire life of
the universe. In addition, it marked the appearance of a new
type of reaction in s pace at that time, which was the
information reaction between negative and positive particles.
It is the information reaction of the yin and yang energy
embryo with the external environment. The information

The First Tuelinh

values of the yin and yang particles are transmitted and
circulated together, and it causes the yin and yang embryo to
rotate around itself. Thus, the yin and yang embryo has a
rotating mechanism. It is the inheritance of both positive and
negative particle rotation mechanisms.
The rotation mechanism and the information reaction
process of that yin and yang embryo with the outside
environment have created a new mechanism: producing
energy particles. As you know, yellow -positive and grey -
white harmful energy particles are generate d in increasing
quantities. In particular, the membrane layer of this yin and
yang energy embryo becomes thicker and more durable. It is
thicker and more durable because the neutral particles
produced move to the embryo's shell and help the embryo
become durable. Positive energy particles with super strong
electric waves and harmful energy particles with weak
electric waves are generated due to the nature of that yin and
yang embryo. That is, the negative particle vibrates with weak
electric waves so as not to attract the attack of many
destructive particles. In contrast, the super strong positive
particle controls the vibration of the harmful particles and has
enough power to detonate the annihilation particles. The
magic of this pair of yin and yang embryo s has helped it
produce countless smallest energy particles that inherit the
power of the yin and yang particles in the embryo. That yin
and yang embryo is like a challenger and a leisurely and free
ruler in the living space of destructive energy. It regulates the
information between the original positive and negative
particles to continuously carry out reactions that absorb and
detonate the annihilation particles. It is called the information

reaction process with the external environment to absorb
heat and information for particle production. As a result, after
a long time, that yin-yang embryo became a mature yin-yang
embryo.

The mature yin and yang embryo is the development of
the original embryo after it has implemented the mechanism
to produce countless positive, negative and neutral particles
through destructive particle detonation reactions. The
mature embryo consists of t he original yin and yang embryo
inside, the two outer yin and yang poles containing the

The First Tuelinh

smallest positive and negative energy particles. The
separation between the original embryo and the two
extremes of yin and yang is a membrane made up of neutral
particles. Protecting the entire mature embryo is an energy
envelope made of neutral particles.
Do you know the difference between an original
embryo and an adult embryo? The initial embryo stores
intellectual wave code fibres generated by the initial positive
and negative particles. It means the intellectual wave code
fibres carrying the negative el ectric waves are stored in the
original negative particle next to the original harmful
intellectual wave code fibre after birth. The intellectual wave
code fibres with positive electric waves are stored in the
original positive particle next to the initial positive, intelligent
fibre after birth. The intellectual wave code fibres carrying
neutral electric waves will move into the membrane layer and
make the membrane layer of the embryo thicker. Producing
intellectual wave code fibres causes the original emb ryo to
become larger and contains many intellectual wave code
fibres. Then, the original yin -yang embryo had a reaction of
splitting the shell into two, and the intellectual wave code
fibres in the original embryo copied and became the smallest
particles after moving outside the shell of the initial embryo.
They are stored at the positive and negative poles outside the
initial embryo. The yin pole contains the smallest harmful
particles, the positive pole contains the smallest positive
particles, and the sh ell protecting the mature embryo
contains the smallest neutral particles. Thus, the mature
embryo consists of the original embryo containing the
intellectual wave -code fibres. The two extremes have the

smallest particles formed by copying from the intelligent
wave-code fibres in the initial embryo. This energy embryo's
destructive particle detonation reaction process helped it
develop and become a mature embryo with countless yin and
yang energy particles at the two extremes outside the original
embryo. You must remember that the produced intellectual
wave code fibres always exist in the original yin and yang
particles, and the smallest energy particles are copied from
the intellectual wave code fibres in the initial embryo.

The First Tuelinh

When the smallest energy particles in the extremes
containing yin and yang particles become numerous, they
move out of the mature embryo and form composite energy
particles. They include synthetic positive particles, synthetic
negative particles, and synth etic neutral particles. Do you
know how they are formed? The smallest positive particles at
the positive pole bond to form composite positive particles,
the smallest negative particles at the negative pole bond to
form composite harmful particles, and the smallest neutral
particles bond together to form aggregate particles. As they
move out of the mature yin -yang embryo, they link together
to form a composite 16-particle structure outside the mature
yin-yang embryo. Neutral particles attach to the positive
particles, the neutral particles become electric wave
transmission lines between the positive particles, and the
harmful particles vibrate and rotate around the positive
particles. Have you seen it? The yin and yang embryo of the
first tuelinh has a particle structure in a 1:1 ratio. It is the
golden ratio because only one negative particle vibrates and
rotates around one positive particle.
Do you know why the smallest particles bond together
to form composite energy particles? That's because they have
the same information content and electrical wave nature.
These are the smallest positive, negative, and neutral
particles produced by the same detonation reaction of the
destructive particles of the yin and yang embryo, so they have
the same information content in each type of particle. In
addition, they have similar information because negative,
positive, and neutral particles are produced by t he same

reaction that detonates destructive particles. Therefore, they
bond together to form aggregate energy particle clusters. A
synthetic negative particle rotates around a synthetic positive
particle, and the neutral particle is the transmission path
between composite positive particles. Thus, to form synthetic
energy particles, the yin and yang embryo must produce
many energy particles with the same information content for
each type of yin, yang, and neutral particles. Next, to form
aggregate particle clusters outside the mature embryo, the
aggregated particles must have similarities in information
content.
Producing and bonding the smallest energy particles
into synthetic particles helped the yin and yang energy
embryo of the first tuelinh to develop structurally and
intellectually. The structure becomes larger with 16 synthetic
particles on the outside. The intelligence of the first tuelinh
has evolved because the information value encoded in the
structure has increased. That marked the remarkable
development of ideology and action of his yin and yang
embryo. Please note that before the synthetic particles m ove
out of the mature embryo to form 16 synthetic particles
outside the mature embryo, the protective shell of the mature
embryo has been peeled off to create a new shell that encloses
the entire mature embryo structure and synthetic outer
particles. In particular, in addition to the particles that make
up the composite particle structure outside his energy
embryo, the smallest excess particles have migrated out of the
mature embryo and exist independently outside his structure
but still within the envelope of the energy sphere. After that,

The First Tuelinh

the energy sphere becomes larger by moving the smallest
particles out of the embryo and structure of the first tuelinh.

After the yin-yang embryo matures with an externally
expanded synthetic 16-particle structure formed, destructive
particle detonation reactions continuously produce the
smallest energy particles. The bonding process between the
smallest particles to form a ggregate particles outside the

mature embryo has made the particle structure of the first
tuelinh grow. That helped the first tuelinh to have the
intelligence of a baby. He can form a shape like a baby or the
shape of a particle structure with a mature embryo and
synthetic particles on the outside.
The development of synthetic particle structures
outside the mature embryo has helped the intelligence of the
tuelinh baby become more magical. In addition to inheriting
the wisdom from the original yin and yang embryo, that
tuelinh baby has begun to opera te the yin and yang energy
particles inside the energy sphere to detonate the destructive
particles. This process has helped the energy sphere have a
variety of energy particles with different electric wave
characteristics, from weak to super strong.
With the magical intellectual nature of the original
embryo he inherited and the diligence in operating the
destructive particle detonation reactions, his intelligence
continuously developed. As a result, he became an adult
tuelinh and around him were coun tless types of energy
particles with different electric wave properties. All are
surrounded and protected by a membrane of a giant energy
sphere. We can understand that he was born and inherited
the essence of transcendent wisdom from two magical yin and
yang particles. With that nature, he became a leader in the
destructive energy space. He fought tirelessly to produce
countless energy particles with different electric wave
properties. In particular, he selected energy particles of the
exact nature as the original two yin and yang particles to
compose his body. Perhaps because of the harshness of the
battle between him and the life form of destructive energy, he

The First Tuelinh

understood which energy particles were the most valuable
and powerful to help him survive and develop. Do you
remember what I said about his annihilation particle
detonation after each reaction? His yin energy particle was
controlled so that it would no longer shake violently after the
yin and yang embryo absorbed the heat from the explosion of
destructive energy. That shows that his superior intelligence
has enabled him to increase the speed of vibration to attract
annihilation particles and control the or iginal negative
particle to return to their original nature. That also shows the
intellectual power of the initial positive particle in
coordinating and operating the original negative particle to
effectively participate in the reaction process of detonati ng
the destructive particle.
On the other hand, we see that the first tuelinh lived in
a world of the smallest particles for a long time. Do you think
he felt bored and lonely? Do you think he was bored with that
life when there was neither tuelinh nor similar intelligence to
talk to him? Was it for those reasons that he built planets and
life forms in the universe after the explosion of the energy
sphere occurred? Please answer for yourself because I don't
know if he is bored with that life. I see him always working
hard and dedicatin g his life to building, developing and
protecting all life forms in this universe. We only discovered
his formation and development from the yin and yang energy
particle embryo until he became a mature tuelinh. To
understand him, we must continue exploring his remarkable
journey from after the Big Bang to today."
When the teacher finished teaching, it was late at night,
and people were leaving while his group was still sitting on

the grass and relaxing after the lesson. The lecture marked the
completion of the tour and pilgrimage for the teacher and his
students. After tonight, the teacher and his students will move
and return to their hometown, where his classes are located.
The students wait for him to return, so they continue listening
to his lectures.