Chapter Forty-Eight

Heaven - The Most Wonderful Planet in
the Universe

Finally, the teacher and students boarded the plane.
That is a flight from Patna to India's capital, New Delhi. His
group had to travel by bus for many hours from early morning
to cross the border of Nepal and India after completing the
journey to visit the relic where Buddha was born and raised.
It was a long journey and had to go through many bad roads,
so people felt tired when they got to the airport. However,
when everyone completed the procedures and boarded the
plane to fly to the Indian capital before flying back to Vietnam,
everyone felt regretful because they had completed the ten -
day pilgrimage. Because of their regret and nostalgia for those
relics, people told each other they would return to those
places.
The students fell asleep when the plane was taxiing on
the airport runway and preparing to take off. The plane's
engine and the cold air in the cabin made people easily fall
asleep when they felt tired after a long trip for many hours.
While the students f ell asleep, even though the plane was

taxiing, the teacher was still awake and looking through the
plane's window. He observed the space outside as if saying
goodbye to this land of many memories. It's a goodbye, not
knowing when he'll have the chance to return.
At that time, the plane was accelerating and starting to
take off. A few minutes later, the aircraft rose and
continuously increased its altitude. The teacher closed his
eyes. However, he did not sleep. Instead, he is trying to recall
all the memories of h is practice lives, especially the practice
lives associated with the territories he has passed through on
this pilgrimage journey. Those memories helped him regain
valuable information about his experience, teaching
enlightened knowledge in his past life. It was a miracle for his
students when they witnessed the steps over time to restore
the wisdom of enlightenment from his tuelinh and past lives.
Please join me in integrating into the teacher's inner
reality to discover the wisdom and information he recalls.
Please join me in observing the images and listening to the
teacher's words during that retrospective process.
"Finally, the plane took off. Goodbye, and I will return
to this place in the future. I have gone through a journey of
teaching enlightened knowledge and the smallest particle of
energy while also returning wisdom and teaching experience
from past lives. T hat helps the body and mind of this body
have enough strength to contain and process vast amounts of
information from my tuelinh. That is not easy at all.
Translating noble knowledge about the smallest energy
particles to learners takes work. It is noble k nowledge
because inside the smallest energy particle are information
values. Those information values form the mechanism of

Heaven -The Most Wonderful Planet in the Universe

production - connection and the mind dharma. When learners
understand it, they will understand the past, present, and
future of all things, events, and phenomena in and outside the
universe. In addition, they will easily practice the particle
production me chanism to transform their yin and yang
energy embryos into energy filters. That means they will
attain the unified Tao of the universe.
What should I do now when humanity and science
cannot measure or see the smallest energy particle? At the
same time, the knowledge I am teaching is the knowledge of
the smallest energy particle. Not only that, I am teaching
everyone in depth about the know ledge inside the particle,
which is the information values that make up the mind
dharma. I have told many students that for scientists to
capture images of the smallest energy particle with a simple
intelligence wave code, they must have two improvements to
the largest accelerometer in the world. At that time, they
could only see the smallest particle but could not discover the
information values inside the particle stored in the
intellectual wave code. They need help to do that. However,
with applications from the knowledge of the smallest energy
particle and the two truths, we have proven to everyone its
value. Through this special enlightened knowledge, I can help
countless people escape from suffering and tribulations in
life. In particular, there have b een many people who have
overcome diseases such as depression, postpartum
depression, anxiety disorders, paranoia, hallucinations,
insomnia, schizophrenia, and several other diseases. People
are healed by listening to and practising knowledge as they
become alert. It is a method of re -encoding informational

values for sustainable development into the soul and body
cells to heal diseases and help the souls mature. That is an
entirely new method, but it is a testament to the value of the
knowledge I am spreading to everyone. Those achievements
are the fulcrum and firm belief to dedicate my life to helping
me apply this special enlightened knowledge in the human
world in this second grand unification and saving sentient
beings. At the same time, it allows learners and people
worldwide to gain confidence to learn and practice their
mission in human life.
My body and wisdom, please be delighted. Let's look at
the outstanding achievements over the years to become
stronger. Let's put faith in learners even though my
knowledge is complex. The learners will adequately
comprehend and apply the knowledge about th e smallest
particles in their lives so that transforming their yin and yang
embryos will be the fastest and most successful. After many
years of preaching this knowledge, I have many excellent
students. They have understood and applied my knowledge
very well in their lives. In particular, they have helped many
patients recover from mental and physical illnesses. In
addition, they have helped countless people suffering from
demons controlling their bodies and spiritual and religious
issues return to everyday life. Those are miracles from
learners and practitioners of knowledge. Therefore, no
matter how much pressure there is and how difficult
knowledge is, we must not give up on this journey. Think a lot
and constantly transform knowledge of the smallest ener gy
particle to become more accessible to help learners easily
understand and practice them.

Heaven -The Most Wonderful Planet in the Universe

Hey guys, you're inside me and listening to my
thoughts. By the way, I will take you back to my past to see the
magic of our homeland. Do you know where that hometown
is? It is a planet built after the Big Bang, located at the centre
of the universe. People often call it paradise, Buddha's
country, or God's country. Please be quiet to observe and
listen to the words I spend for my body and wisdom. That
means that I spend these recollections in my physical form,
but since you have merged within me to gain th ose
understandings, I request that you please keep yourself quiet
to join this unique journey of my memories.
Hey, my body and mind, you must remember all the
information I gave you. From that information and the
tribulations in life, you must analyse them to upgrade your
enlightened knowledge to reach new heights. Then, we must
preach and spread that knowledge to humanity. You can rest
assured that I am always inside and guiding you to complete
those tasks. And now receive my recollections of the
universe's most wondrous planet.
I am standing in the centre of a super -giant energy
sphere. The energy sphere had not yet had a big explosion at
this time. I am still trying and concentrating hard on vibrating
the harmful energy particles in the sphere and the original
negative particles in my yin and yang embryo to create an
information signal that attracts many destructive particles to
attack. It was no small challenge for me because the energy
sphere was super -giant. It has become more difficult to
control, and I need help maintaining and growing this energy
sphere further. After each time I increased the vibrational
speed of all the harmful particles in the energy sphere, I felt

like I was losing more strength. Operating the negative
particle system is uncomfortable when they gradually
disobey my instructions. I only became genuinely comfortable
and healthy when I absorbed the heat from the explosions of
destructive energy outside the sphere. That heat gives me
confidence in producing the smallest positive energy particles
and controlling the original yin particle in my energy embryo.
Do you know? I have been trying to absorb as much heat as
possible from the explosions of destruct ive energy outside
into my yin and yang embryo. Heat is dissipated when it
moves through areas with many harmful particles. That
means I need heat very much and only accept the loss within
the allowable range to make operating all types of particles
easier in the energy sphere. As a result, countless types of the
smallest energy particles are born from me, and they
contribute to the diversity of electric wave characteristics and
numbers in the energy sphere.
Look around in the energy sphere; countless yin and
yang energy embryos have been formed. It is the result of the
production and bonding mechanism. They are my children
who have grown up. All the energy particles in this sphere are
my children. Do you see? My children have developed
structurally and intellectually by linking yin and yang
particles with the same vibrational wave code to form yin and
yang embryos. I'm pleased about that. It makes me
responsible for all my children.
Don't think I'm selfish for absorbing all the heat from
the explosions of destructive energy, while those yin and yang
embryos don't have a chance to absorb the heat and develop
their structures to become more mature. Don't think I'm

Heaven -The Most Wonderful Planet in the Universe

selfish for producing so many new energy particles from the
heat without giving them to those yin and yang embryos.
Everything has a cause. That is:
- Only my energy embryo can detonate the destructive
particles after they attack me, while the other yin and yang
embryos cannot. Those yin and yang embryos were born from
me, so they are different from me, being taken from two wave-
particles.
- The space of destructive energy outside the energy
sphere is vast, and the number of annihilation particles is
enormous. Suppose I do not produce as many of the smallest
energy particles as possible to build and develop them into
large structures. In that case, the entire energy sphere will be
disintegrated and detonated by the destructive particle life
form.
- I need many energy particles with different electric
wave properties that have enough power to participate in the
detonation reaction of many destructive particles. The heat
from the explosion will give me the strength to help the yin
and yang embryos in the sphere grow strong. In addition, I
have time to focus on building the physical structures in the
sphere instead of wasting time on protecting them from the
attack of destructive particle life forms.
Did you hear anything? That was the sound of the big
explosion I just created. It occurs on the envelope side of the
energy sphere. That resulted from the process in which I
produced countless smallest energy particles and the massive
attack of destructive energy into the membrane of the energy
sphere. To do that, I created a maximum vibration wave of the
entire negative particle system to attract many annihilation

particles to attack. Then, I operated many positive particles
moving towards the membrane to detonate many destructive
particles. Amazingly, many outer destruction particles
covering the energy sphere were also detonated after that
explosion. It forms a vast space containing heat to protect all
the energy particles. It became the energy universe. Do you
know? I didn't absorb that heat but let it stay like that after
the explosion. That heat will form a wall to block the attack of
destructive energy into the space of the energy universe after
the explosion. In addition, that heat will help me use it to build
and develop life forms from yin and yang particles.
Hey, my friend! It's all my thinking and calculations. It
shows that I am not selfish with my children. You see,
destructive energy cannot attack the energy space containing
yin and yang particles because of the heat after the Big Bang.
That shows that heat is responsible for protecting all my
children and provides heat for me to develop life forms in the
universe. The yin and yang embryos perform the production
and bonding mechanism after absorbing the heat from the Big
Bang. They are growing up under the protection and
operation of outer space from me.
You must remember and teach your students that space
contains the smallest energy particles that are still spinning
around the central space after the explosion. I am still there to
operate all things in the universe. You must remember that
spinning around themself is the nature of energy particles
with electric waves. It exists from the formation of the
smallest particle until the formation of my energy embryo; it
continues to exist until the state of the universe today and in
the future.

Heaven -The Most Wonderful Planet in the Universe

Spinning helps the entire cosmic sphere, from the
smallest particle, to balance and circulate information. That
helps life forms in the universe have a magical mechanism to
absorb destructive particles to detonate them. It is a
miraculous mechanism to help life forms in the universe
develop structurally and intellectually. In particular, it
supports all life forms not to decay before the attack of
destructive energy. However, to do that, my children must
grow up and learn how to do it.
Hey, my friend. You see me existing in the middle of the
energy space after the Big Bang with a massive body like an
adult. However, I don't have time to rest or relax when you
see my peace. What do you see? The aura and five -coloured
light radiating from me, with yellow and white as the primary
colours, is the value of the information encode d in the entire
system of intellectual wave-code fibres inside me. I will have
to use that intelligence to protect, build, and develop the life
of this universe. Let yo ur students know that the auras and
light emanating from God and Buddha are the light of wisdom
because the information values are encoded within the
structure. It's not a miracle or something strange. All tuelinhs
and souls will achieve that when they enc ode valuable
information that develops sustainably after the practice in
human form in the human world. The value of information
stored through learning and practising will create
extraordinary power for each tuelinh, not through meditation
and supernatural powers according to religious and spiritual
perspectives in the human world. Let humanity know that
truth.

What do you see? Many yin and yang energy embryos
have been formed, and they are maturing very quickly
through the mechanism of production and connection when
provided with heat after the Big Bang. Hey, my friend, now I
have to focus on building and growing the lives of the yin and
yang embryos after the explosion. Therefore, please focus on
observing and listening to my thoughts.
My brain's wisdom and body can understand
everything I tell him, and his students can understand it, too.
It's time for me to get to work. It's fantastic; my children have
overgrown after the explosion. Those yin and yang energy
embryos have become mature embryonic structures with
many synthetic particles on the outside. They lack heat for the
particle production process to continue. Let me absorb heat
from outside for them. Amazingly, they continue to produce
particles when provided with heat.
What do I do with the space containing the smallest
particles and mature embryos? Indeed, I have never built a
detailed plan after the explosion occurred. At this time, I have
mixed feelings between busyness because of the things I have
to do and emptiness when I am alone. Is it loneliness or what?
It is not loneliness because I have always had the
companionship of the smallest particles around me since I
was an energy embryo. Ah! It is time. I am racing against time
to take advantage of the Big Bang's heat source for building
the universe while I still need to shape the details of that
construction plan. Time is the process by which the energy
sphere rotates around me, and now is energy space. What
should I do first? – I need my children, and I will help th em
grow up so they can accompany me. It is an excellent plan for

Heaven -The Most Wonderful Planet in the Universe

me to have partners building and developing life forms in the
universe. However, for my children to grow like me, they must
endure a long time. Therefore, I must build a place to protect
and help them grow up. So, I already have a detailed plan for
building life forms after the explosion: to create a magical
place and children with the same structure and intelligence as
me. I call children who are similar to me tuelinh life forms.
Tuelinh is a life form with the most superior intelligence of all
life forms in the universe, and they are formed from yin and
yang embryos with super-complex intellectual wave codes.
It is wonderful that I have gathered yin and yang
embryos with super-complex intellectual wave codes into the
central space. Besides, I have also prepared a lot of heat to
help my children mature through production and connection.
So, please rest assured that I will enjoy your growth because
I have to build a magical place for you.
To build that magical place, I must select structures of
yin and yang energy embryos that are different from the
structures of my children. I need a place where my children
can walk and enjoy the beauty of that place. In addition, that
place must have the power to protect and help my children
grow up. I understood that I would create a place made of
energy particles with simple intellectual wave codes because
the simple intellectual wave codes would create a place for
tuelinhs to reside when their structures become enormous.
Finally, I have gathered the yin and yang energy
embryo structures with simple intellectual wave codes in the
energy space and put them into the central space. Let me
absorb the heat for them so they can mature quickly. They are

also my children, but their intelligence cannot compare to the
tuelinhs. Therefore, they are simple materials.
The mature yin and yang embryos with simple
intellectual wave codes matured very quickly when I
provided heat to them. It's incredible how those mature
embryos join together to form larger, simple physical
structures. They are increasingly interconnected t o create
larger physical structures. In particular, inside them, the
production and connection mechanism continuously occurs
when supplied with the heat of the big explosion. Those
mature physical structures are interconnected because they
have similaritie s in information between the yin and yang
embryos. It's incredible how mature embryos continuously
produce the smallest particles and then bond together while
already bonding with other embryos to form massive, simple
physical structures. Let me continue to provide heat for those
physical structures to grow stronger.
Keep looking; many types of simple matter have
already developed into massive structures with different
colours. They are stone blocks of different colours and metal
blocks with different properties. Their number is increasing,
and they exist separately from each other. That doesn't seem
suitable for my children in the future. Why are those blocks of
matter separate from each other? – Ah! Because they differ in
internal information, they create diverse groups of simple
physical structures. Mature embryos ar e only linked when
they have the same or similar informational value. That's why
there are many different blocks of stone, many other metal
blocks, and many different types of simple material
structures. What should I do now to help them connect and

Heaven -The Most Wonderful Planet in the Universe

form a large, simple physical whole? It is not easy to link
simple physical structures together when they have different
internal information. Let me observe and analyze all those
simple physical structures. I think that there will be a type of
matter that can unite all those discrete physical structures
into a large and unified whole.
After a process of analysis and experimentation, I have
found a simple type of matter to be the subject that unites all
the discrete simple material structures into a whole with a
tightly connected structure. It is a particular type of rock
crystal with a smoky black colour. This stone crystal radiates
white light and silver light. It can balance the information
value between different simple physical structures. To
develop that power, energy with a complex intellectual wave
code will have to link simple ph ysical structures with that
special stone crystal.
Ultimately, I created an enormous material structure
after using that particular rock crystal block in the centre to
connect the separate simple blocks of material on the outside
together. Complex energy is responsible for connecting that
block of rock to all simple physical structures. However, I
need to increase the heat of the Big Bang to help this giant
material structure bond and grow further. As a result, after a
long time, this physical structure has become a magical place
with trees, rocks, vast seas and lakes, mountains and hills. All
of them radiate brilliant iridescent light. I call it the House of
Tuelinhs.
Hey my friend, what's so special about this place so far?
Let me tell you interesting things about it:

- I have created a giant cave, and there are many rock
crystals similar to the rock crystals in the core of this planet.
Those magical stone crystals radiate white light mixed with
silver. That is where I brought energy embryos with super -
complex intellectual wave codes to nurture and create baby
tuelinhs. This place can be called the birthplace of baby
tuelinhs.
- Architecture such as the temple and the works of the
tuelinh life form are all made from gold and precious stones.
They radiate an aura that is both ancient and brilliant.
- The sea and lake have no ripples. The reason is that
this magical planet has no moons or suns. Besides, on the
bottom of the sea and lake are blue lapis lazuli gems. They
radiate light through the water to form a brilliant blue light
above the water.
- Green grass and trees. They all radiate iridescent light
that is very enchanting and seductive.
- Soil and rock are both made up of precious stones.
They radiate different types of light and intertwine with the
light of plants and water to form a beautiful iridescent aura.
- This magical planet has many mountains and hills
with green grass and trees mixed with halos of light. The
children love to play on the hills and mountains. Sometimes,
they transform into dragons and other legendary animal
shapes.
- This magical planet is the centre of the universe,
where the quintessence from three groups of matter
converges: the group of simple matter crystallized into solid,
liquid, and gas; complex groups of matter reside in the simple

Heaven -The Most Wonderful Planet in the Universe

matter to help them bond closely together; and the tuelinhs
life form is a group of super-complex matter. All three groups
of physical structures exist and help each other develop more
sustainably. In it, the tuelinhs life form is the intelligence of
this planet.
- This planet constantly rotates around itself. When this
planet completes one revolution, the entire cosmic sphere
also completes one.
- The light and aura of this planet shine widely
throughout the planets and galaxies around it.
- This place has a space containing shiny golden super-
energy particles. That is the particular type of energy that I
have created from transforming my energy embryo into an
energy filter. That unique energy makes connecting and
operating all planets and g alaxies in the universe easier. In
addition, it helps protect and develop life forms in the
universe most effectively.
Hey, my friend, my journey to build this home planet
has helped the tuelinhs have a living and learning
environment after they were born from rock crystals in
magical rock caves. Those rock crystals are the rarest and
most valuable gems in the universe. Th ey make it easier to
create tuelinhs from yin and yang energy particles with
super-complex intellectual wave codes. However, raising and
helping tuelinhs to mature later is not easy when the heat
from the enormous explosion outside has been exhausted for
the later process of building planets and entire galaxies.
When the home planet was built, my children and I
were happy. The tuelinhs live on the most magical planet,
with brilliant auras radiating from everything there. They

enjoy purity and peace on this central planet. My children
gradually grew up, and then they joined me in building and
creating planets and life forms in the universe."
At this moment, the teacher opened his eyes and
escaped from the memory of the journey of building the
magical planet of the first tuelinh. It is also the time when the
plane lands at the capital airport, New Delhi. All the students
also woke up after a nap during the flight from Patna to here.
After leaving the airport, the teacher and students
returned to the hotel and rested one night in this capital
before returning to Vietnam.