Chapter Forty-Nine

The Universe with the Transcendent
Wisdom of the First Tuelinh

After breakfast, everyone went to the coffee bar in the
hotel and chose a cup of coffee for themselves. After that,
everyone went to the hotel's living room to enjoy their
delicious taste. That is a large hotel with many international
guests, so the food and drinks here are more delicious than
typical Indian dishes. The teacher is not used to drinking
coffee because he gets an allergic reaction every time he
drinks it, especially if h e drinks it before eating. However,
because he had already eaten breakfast, this time, he enjoyed
the taste of coffee without being allergic. After that, everyone
enjoyed delicious cups of coffee. A student immediately went
to the coffee counter and ordere d another cup for each of
them.
This hotel is where the teacher and his students spent
a day while they went to India. That is the second time their
group have stayed here, and they will remain for a day before
flying back to Vietnam tonight. Perhaps because they spent a
day visiting famous places in New Delhi when flying here, the

whole group wanted to rest at the hotel before boarding the
plane. Everyone liked the teacher to share more about what
wisdom he had gained during this pilgrimage. That's why
everyone talked and asked him to give more lectures before
leaving the land of Buddha (India) to return to his homeland.
People believe that the teacher's lectures on relics related to
the life of Buddha are very valuable and excellent for the
students who follow him on this pilgrimage. Even each of his
lectures in India is a milestone filled with memories of the old
homeland in past lives, even though New Delhi is not related
to the life of Buddha from birth to death.
Duong Nalanda brought wonderfully fragrant cups of
hot coffee to the teacher and everyone's coffee tables,
including a cup of hot cocoa with a seductive aroma. He told
the teacher, "Please enjoy this cup of hot cocoa; it is very
fragrant and delicious."
Loi Nalanda immediately told the teacher, "Everyone is
waiting for you to share the secrets of knowledge and the
universe after your journey to visit the relics. We will spend
all day today listening to the teacher share and teach
knowledge. Then we will go to the airport after dinner. When
listening to any of the teacher's lectures, the students all feel
meaningful and appreciated, especially when listening to the
teacher's lectures on this trip. Therefore, everyone does not
want to waste precious time when they are at the teacher."
The teacher smiled and said, "So people want to listen
to more lectures about the universe. That's a wonderful thing
because the universe comprises countless smallest particles.
Understanding the smallest particle is understanding the
universe; conversely, through the universe's secrets to better

The Universe with the Transcendent Wisdom of the First Tuelinh

understand and clarify the smallest particle. Did you know?
As the smallest energy particle, its structure and intelligence
differ from the yin and yang energy embryo. The yin and yang
energy embryo differs from the physical structure formed
from the connection between the yin and yang embryos. Just
like that, physical structures have different structures and
intelligence, from small to large scales, such as a planet, a
galaxy, galaxy blocks, and the entire universe. Our
understanding of the truth and secre ts of the universe will
make our knowledge of the smallest energy particles encoded
greater."
Another student asked the teacher, "Teacher, can you
describe the universe at present for us?"
The teacher said, "Do you remember about the giant
energy sphere? – It is like a giant ball containing countless
smallest energy particles inside. After the Big Bang , the
smallest particles were released and moved outward after
being compressed in the sphere for a long time. After the
particles move outward and are protected by the heat of the
explosion, it is no longer called an energy sphere. It is called
the space containing the smallest energy particles. After that
explosion, the space containing the sm allest particle became
many times larger. And until now, the space containing the
smallest particle is no longer there, but it is replaced by the
space containing countless galaxy blocks. We call it the
universe. That change was due to the hands and transcendent
wisdom of the first tuelinh.
The current universe? Of course, it was bigger than it
was after the explosion. It has secrets and operating

mechanisms that humans cannot know. Let me tell you these
things:
- The centre of the universe is the most magical planet
in the universe. It is the homeland of the tuelinhs life form,
paradise, Buddha's country, God's country. It is a magical
planet because of the lights and peace there. That planet is
considered the heart and is the place that provides the energy
source to create and maintain life for all other planets in the
universe. Through the movement mechanisms of energy
particles, the first tuelinh used his magical ability and power
to operate the life of all lif e forms in the universe from the
central planet. There, he had a space containing shiny golden
energy superparticles with a small pyramid reaching up to his
chest. He created it from a unique gemstone similar to the
gemstones in the cave that produce the tuelinhs. He uses that
gem pyramid to operate all life in the universe, to transmit
and receive information, to create vibrations for the negative
particle system to attract attacks of destructive energy, and to
operate the positive particle system to detonate annihilation
energy.
- Each sun has many planets orbiting it to form a solar
system. The sun rotates around its centre. Each planet
revolves around its centre. That makes day and night for each
planet. The rotation mechanism of the planets helps them
balance the information an d connectivity between their
simple physical structures. Without the rotation mechanism,
the planets would be disintegrated by destructive energy
attacks and detonated when they collided with each other.
- Many solar systems are arranged together and form a
strip of light when tuelinhs and humans view them from a

The Universe with the Transcendent Wisdom of the First Tuelinh

distance. It's a galaxy. Many galaxies placed next to each other
are called galaxy blocks. That means that each mass of
galaxies has many bands of light. Each point of light is a solar
system. There are sometimes several solar systems between
the masses of galaxies, forming isolated dots of light between
the masses of light.
- The galaxies were built by the first tuelinh and
arranged outside the core planet of the universe. Closest to
the magical planet are many galaxies arranged and
surrounded to form a layer of galaxies surrounding the
central planet of the universe. Beyond the first layer of galaxy
mass is the second layer, which has more galaxy mass than
the innermost layer. Like that, countless layers of galaxy
blocks are arranged in order from the inside out. They form a
super-giant cosmic sphere with numerous galaxy blocks. Hey
guys, it has been 20 billion years since the yin and yang
embryo of the first tuelinh was formed until now (according
to the earth's calendar). That shows the dedication and
sacrifice of both intelligence and effort of the first tuelinh in
building and developing the universe.
- The entire universe always revolves around the
magical planet at the core of the universe. That means that the
universe finishes rotating once, and the most beautiful planet
will complete its rotation. The rotation mechanism of the
universe is the nature of energy particles with electric waves.
This mechanism helps the universe to constantly circulate
electric waves and information to create explosive reactions
of destructive energy. The heat from explosions of destructive
energy will help the universe co ntinue to exist and develop
more sustainably.

- To create each planet, the first tuelinh must place a
special rock crystal at its centre, then use energy with
complex wave codes as a material to connect simple physical
structures. The unique rock crystal at the core of each planet
is shaped like a pyramid.
- Five groups (or eight groups) of energy have complex
intellectual wave codes and later have shiny golden super -
energy. They were created by the first tuelinh into linked
beams. The first tuelinh used them to connect the rock crystal
in the core of the central planet to the pyramid rock in the core
of all the planets in the universe. That helps the planets move
stably in their circular orbits and that of the entire universe.
To help the planets rotate around themselves, their solar
systems, and around the orbit of the whole universe, he used
the pyramid at his workplace to distribute and provide energy
to help the connecting wires always be maintained. It would
help if you remembered that planets orbiting each other are
not due to any physical laws humans h ave created. That
movement is due to energy beams and the wisdom of the first
tuelinh. As simple as you see, the moon rotates around the
earth, and the earth revolves around the sun. They turn in a
precise and stable orbit because energy beams link them. I f
the energy supply is guaranteed, their orbit will be stable. At
that time, they are at risk of being detonated by collision with
each other or disintegrated by destructive energy.
- Another secret in each planet that you never knew.
That is, through the rotation mechanism and the energy
supply from the central planet, a large amount of destructive
energy is absorbed into the planets, and they are transformed
into particles of fire. The particles of fire are the state of

The Universe with the Transcendent Wisdom of the First Tuelinh

destruction particles that are about to explode due to excess
heat. When fire particles are detonated, they provide heat and
energy for the production and connection of physical
structures on each planet. That is why planets with circular
orbits exist and grow structurally. So, you have seen the
importance of heat from detonated destructive energy
particles. That heat is also the source of energy and life for the
tuelinh life form. However, to operate the annihilation
particle detonation reactions, the tuel inhs must learn and
practice in human life in the human world. That means that
the tuelinhs must learn knowledge from all things in the
universe, including the first tuelinh.
It would help if you remembered that there is only one
universe in this vast and endless space. Outside the cosmic
sphere is the space of destructive energy. There is no other
universe. Please remember that."
Loi Nalanda said, "Twenty billion years for the journey
of the birth of the first tuelinh from an energy embryo and the
process of building the universe like today. That is an
extraordinary thing, and it shows that the first tuelinh has the
most transcende nt intelligence in the universe. We must
remember and be grateful for his sacrifices and contributions
to all things, tuelinhs and people in the universe. Indeed, to
build and operate the universe with countless galaxy masses
is unimaginable to other tuelinhs."
Another student immediately asked the teacher,
"Teacher, how did the first tuelinh build such a wonderful
universe?"
The teacher replied, "The universe is truly remarkable
because there are countless different life forms, of which the

tuelinh and human life forms are the most wonderful. The
universe was magical when the yin and yang energy embryo
of the first tuelinh appeared. It has been magical and will
continue to be even more magic. That miracle is that through
the production - connection and spinning mechanism, the
first tuelinh built a magical cosmic sphere.
How did he build a fantastic universe like the present?
– He relied on the differences in the nature and vibrational
codes of the smallest particles to promote the development of
life forms and planets. That seems to make you feel confused.
It is simple an d not complicated to understand when you
know the process of the first tuelinh building the central
planet of the tuelinh life form. He created the planets and all
life forms in this universe like that. It's the same in the
method. However, through his way of building and
developing the universe, I want you to understand the five
groups (or eight groups) of the smallest energy particles with
three different groups of intellectual wave codes. In addition,
you will see the transcendent wisdom and outstanding
dedication of the first tuelinh in the journey of building,
developing and protecting all life forms of the universe.
First, you must understand that all planets and life
forms in this universe are formed from the smallest energy
particles with different natures and intellectual wave codes. It
includes both tuelinh and human life forms. As follows:
- All the smallest energy particles in the universe are
divided into three groups of particles: particles with simple
intellectual wave code fibres, particles with complex
intellectual wave code fibres, and particles with super -
complex intellectual wave code fibres. From the difference in

The Universe with the Transcendent Wisdom of the First Tuelinh

the intellectual wave code in each group of particles, they
become three types of matter that make up the complete
universe. That is:
+ The smallest energy particles with a simple
intellectual wave code are called simple particles. Simple
particles bond to become simple physical structures such as
liquids, gases, and solids. This simple type of matter is linked
together to form planets and galaxies.
+ The smallest energy particles with complex
intellectual wave codes are called complex particles. They
bond with each other to become souls residing in simple
physical structures such as rocks, trees, and animals. In
addition, complex particles are linked to form the material
that binds simple physical structures together into a planet
and all planets in the universe into a unified universe.
+ The smallest group of energy particles with a super -
complex intellectual wave code is called super matter. The yin
and yang particles bond together to become tuelinhs. The
tuelinhs are life forms with the most superior intelligence in
the universe and are led by the first tuelinh.
- All the smallest energy particles are divided into three
types of particles with different electric waves: negative,
positive and neutral particles. The neutral particle is born
from the yin and yang embryo, so it always has electric waves
inside the int ellectual wave code fibre, and it can be several
negative electric waves or many positive electric waves. That
means there are no neutral particles. Therefore, I divide all
the smallest particles (including all three groups of matter)
into eight types of p articles with different electric wave
natures. This division will help you easily understand the

individual intelligence of every kind of particle and then the
intelligence of the physical structure at the scale from the yin
and yang embryo up. That shows that even though the entities
are the same material group, their intelligence is different.
That difference is due to the intellectual nature of the smallest
particle. For example, there are differences in intelligence
among tuelinhs even though they are the same super -matter
group; the difference in intelligence between people even
though they are composed of simple matter and super matter
inside. The eight types of particles are different:
+ Positive energy particles with super -strong electric
waves: This type of particle has super-strong heat and super-
fast rotation speed. It can radiate heat and trustworthy
information to the outside environment to promote cohesion,
spread and sustainable development. This type of particle is
yellow.
+ Positive energy particles have very strong electric
waves: This type of particle has very strong heat and very fast
rotation speed. It can radiate heat and trustworthy
information to the surrounding environment to promote the
spread and sustainable development of everything. This type
of particle is fire-red.
+ Positive energy particles with strong electric waves:
This type of particle has strong heat and fast rotation speed.
It can radiate heat and trustworthy information to the outside
environment to develop things sustainably. This type of
particle is green.
+ Positive energy particles with weak electric waves:
This type of particle has weak heat and low rotation speed. It
does not have the power to radiate heat, and its information

The Universe with the Transcendent Wisdom of the First Tuelinh

has no sustainable development value for the external
environment. This type of particle is ivory white.
+ Negative energy particles with weak electric waves:
These particles have weak cold heat and low rotation speed.
It does not have the power to absorb cold heat and
information deficiency from the outside environment into
itself; therefore, it does not hav e the power to destroy itself
and other physical structures. This type of particle is grey -
white.
+ Negative energy particles with strong electric waves:
This type of particle has strong cold heat and fast rotation
speed. It can absorb cold heat and false information to disrupt
the sustainable development of all things. This type of particle
is grey.
+ Negative energy particles have very strong electric
waves: This type of particle has very strong cold heat and very
fast rotation speed. It can absorb cold heat and false
information to disrupt the sustainable development of all
things. This type of particle is black.
+ Negative energy particles with super -strong electric
waves: This type of particle has super strong cold heat and
super fast rotation speed. It can absorb cold heat and
information deficiency to disrupt the sustainable
development of all things. This type of particle is blood-red.
When four groups of negative particles bond with four
groups of positive particles, they create various types of yin
and yang energy embryos with new information values. The
latest information values result from the information reaction
process between the energy embryo's two yin and yang
particles. Through the mechanism of production and

connection, yin and yang embryos develop and become
mature yin and yang embryos. Then, depending on the type of
matter, the first tuelinh will build them into different life
forms. Specifically:
- For the super -material group, yin and yang embryos
are provided heat from detonated annihilation particles to
develop into tuelinh babies. The tuelinh babies have different
intelligence and nature because each tuelinh is formed from
yin and yang particle s with other electrical wave
characteristics. That constitutes the different values and
abilities of each tuelinh in the maturity process. The first
tuelinh must help and teach all the tuelinh to them mature.
- For complex material groups, yin and yang embryos
are stored in simple material structures to become souls, such
as the souls of trees, rocks, and animals. Developing
intelligence by increasing the quantity and quality of particles
will help them transfo rm into super -matter, the tuelinhs.
They need the operation and help of the first tuelinh to have
that miraculous development and transformation. In
addition, complicated energy groups are used as energy
strings to connect between simple physical structures to form
planets and the entire universe.
- For simple material groups, yin and yang embryos
develop, and they link together when they have similarities in
information value. It means that yin and yang embryos are
linked together to become atomic, molecular, and extensive
physical structures. That creates diversity in the formation of
liquid, solid and gaseous substances. These types of matter
would be discrete and could not become a unified whole like
the planets if it were not for the first tuelinh providing heat

The Universe with the Transcendent Wisdom of the First Tuelinh

from explosions of destructive energy and connecting them
by complex energy strings. It was because of the operation of
the first tuelinh that countless galaxies with a diversity of
planets were formed.
Finally, for these three groups of matter to exist and
develop in the difference in electric wave characteristics, the
first tuelinh devoted his entire life to operating them. That is,
he created destructive energy detonation reactions to provide
heat for the development of all life in the universe through the
mechanism of production - connection and spinning. Through
operating the entire life of all three material groups, the
natures that promote sustainable development and the
nature that destroys have appeared and taken place. That led
him to call them poison and goodness in every physical
structure with an energy embryo, including the tuelinh life
form. It created concern for the first tuelinh as the physical
structures and many tuelinhs were disintegrat ed and
destroyed by the onslaught of destructive energy. Unwilling
to let the universe be destroyed, the first tuelinh spent his life
researching and finding methods to save, protect and
sustainably develop all life forms. Understanding the two
transformation mechanisms, especially the sustainable
transmutation mechanism, is an outstanding achievement of
his on the path to saving all life in the universe.
So, you can see that the tuelinh life form is the most
intelligent in the universe, especially the first tuelinh. They
are the intellectual centre of the entire universe. Through
them, life forms of simple and complex material groups are
formed and develop more sustainably. That creates a magical
universe with three groups of matter that rely on each other

to coexist and develop. The most miraculous thing is that
through the production, connection, and spinning
mechanism, the first tuelinh found a transformation
mechanism to help groups of material structures have the
ability to upgrade and transform into mo re durable physical
structures. I will analyze the magic of the transformation
mechanism in another lecture so you can deeply understand
it."
A student asked the teacher, "Are simple physical
structures formed from the connection between yin and yang
embryos, so their development process is always changing?"
The teacher replied, "That's true. When yin and yang
embryos with simple intellectual wave codes connect, they
become a physical structure more extensive than the scale of
a yin and yang embryo. At that time, two types of reactions
occur in that material s tructure: the reaction of external
information with the internal data of each yin and yang
embryo by the particle production mechanism and the
process of information reaction between the energy embryos
in that physical structure. This complex reaction proc ess
causes the nature of matter to change over time when it
moves through different environments.
In addition, changes in nature always exist in all groups
of materials during their development. In particular, for the
tuelinh life form, although each tuelinh is formed from an
energy embryo, the information reaction between the inside
and the outside al ways takes place fiercely during their
development and maturation.
Did you know? That change in nature results from the
chain of information reactions between each subject's

The Universe with the Transcendent Wisdom of the First Tuelinh

internal and external environments through the movement of
mechanisms such as production, connection, and rotation.
The result of changing nature is to create two transmutation
mechanisms: transformation in the direction of destruction
and transformation in the direction of sustainability."
When the teacher finished teaching, everyone took the
opportunity to lie down and rest on the sofas in the hotel's
living room. People may feel overwhelmed when receiving a
large amount of information related to energy particles and
the universe. Information about energy particles always
makes learners feel overwhelmed. The teacher's students
clearly understand that, so they take the time to relax and
enjoy the valuable information that has been encoded into
their souls after listening to the lecture.