Chapter Fifty

Spinning – The Key to Survival and Growth

"We still have this afternoon left; it's the last afternoon
on this pilgrimage. During this pilgrimage, I gave critical
lectures on energy particle knowledge. Those lectures will
help you understand the two truths and know the smallest
energy particles. From there, you will have a deep and multi-
dimensional view of all things, events, phenomena in and
outside the universe, tuelinhs , and people. There is still a lot
of knowledge about particles, which I will teach in the
following lectures. However, after yo u have listened to the
sermons on this pilgrimage, is there anything you do not
understand or have any questions about? It would help if you
asked questions for lectures that you did not understand
clearly about certain content because you are the Nalandas
who teach knowledge to everyone; therefore, you must
thoroughly understand the knowledge. That will help the
tuelinh within you to produce super -energy particles.
Besides, learners will understand and practice correctly the
knowledge of the two truths and the knowledge of energy
particles." The Teacher spoke to his students while everyone
was relaxing in the hotel's living room. Perhaps everyone had

just finished lunch, so their minds needed to be ready to ask
questions about the lecture.
When the Teacher suggested asking questions to
understand the knowledge from his lectures deeply, a student
immediately said, "Teacher, in recent lectures on particles, I
always see you talking about the spinning mechanism. I
remember that I had never heard any detailed lectures on the
rotation mechanism. Through your lectures, I know that
rotation is an important mechanism for energy particles and
the universe, but I do not have in-depth knowledge about it. I
hope you teach me and everyone about the knowledge of the
spinning mechanism."
The Teacher asked everyone, "Do you think the
spinning mechanism exists within you?"
A student replied, "Teacher, energy particles rotate
around themselves, energy embryos rotate around
themselves, and the universe also rotates around itself.
However, I still haven't figured out how humans and tuelinhs
rotate and whether there is a spinning mechanism in humans
and tuelinhs. Humans and tuelinhs always go straight
forward; they do not walk and spin simultaneously.
Therefore, I conclude that humans and tuelinhs do not have a
spinning mechanism."
The Teacher smiled and replied, "Of course, humans
and tuelinhs do not spin when moving. The spinning
mechanism does not only spin while moving. Spinning while
moving is one part of the mechanism, while the spinning
mechanism has two parts. Let me ask you one more question
before I go into the lecture. What emotions do people have,
and in what kind do they dwell?"

Spinning - The Key to Survival and Growth

"I see that each person has many different emotional
states, but in short, there are only three types of emotions:
happy, sad, and neither happy nor sad. Because emotions are
states created in each person's mind when interacting with
scenarios in the four life forms, people do not stay fixed in any
one emotion. Many people have many emotions in one event,
in one day, or at one time. When they were happy, they
became sad, and vice versa; when they were sad, they became
happy. They always have neither happy n or sad emotions
when the progression of happy and sad emotions makes them
no longer interested or worried. These understandings come
from knowing the two truths I have understood, Teacher." A
student answered the Teacher.
Seeing that the student answered the question very
well, the Teacher immediately asked, "So, have you realized
the circular mechanism in human emotions?"
The student seemed enlightened and became excited,
"Ah, I understand. Humans and tuelinhs have a spinning
mechanism, an emotional state that always moves between
extremes of happiness and sadness. The extreme of neither
happiness nor sadness is the connect ion between the two
extremes. When the emotional state moves between the
extremes of happiness and sadness, it will form a cycle. It's a
circular mechanism."
The Teacher asked again, "What constitutes emotions?"
The student replied, "Teacher, informational reactions
create emotions. I understand, Teacher. Humans and tuelinhs
have a circular mechanism; that is, information always
circulates in a circle throughout the structure of the tuelinh.
When information moves, it will interact with information in

particle clusters within the structure and outside information.
The result of that information reaction process creates
different emotions. Therefore, emotional states such as
happy, sad, and neither happy nor sad are manifestations of
the information circ ulation mechanism within humans and
tuelinhs."
The Teacher said, "Your answer is wonderful. However,
I have a fascinating question for you. That's when you're sad.
Do you find it meaningful and valuable?"
The student replied, "Teacher, if I have not learned the
knowledge of the two truths, I will answer no. However,
because I have learned and understood a lot about
knowledge, I understand that sadness, happiness, and neither
sadness nor joy bring value and meaning to every moment of
my life. From that, I deduce that it is precious and meaningful
to every human being and tuelinh."
The Teacher said, "You answered the questions I asked
you quickly and intensively nicely. Your answers show that
you deeply understand your knowledge, and your thinking
ability is also excellent. Please apply this method to test your
learners' understandin g of knowledge when you teach
knowledge to them. It is also a very effective way to help
learners acquire the mindset of two truths and particles when
they apply this method regularly.
Before teaching about the spinning mechanism, I want
to tell you that spinning is the key to survival and
development. That shows the importance of the rotation
mechanism for the life of the smallest energy particle to the
yin and yang embryo, all living t hings, tuelinhs, humans,
animals, and the universe.

Spinning - The Key to Survival and Growth

Spinning mechanisms are of two types: life forms spin
around themselves as they move and circulate information
waves within their structures. There are life forms that have
both spinning mechanisms, and there are life forms that have
only one spinning mechanism.
Let us explore the spin mechanism for all life forms,
from the smallest energy particle scale to the entire universe.
From there, you will see the value of the spinning mechanism
for life:
- First, let's explore the ancestral wave -particle life
form. Do ancestral wave-particles spin? – No, they do not have
a spinning mechanism. The ancestral wave-particles are born
from singularities and move in spiral orbits to transform.
Wave-particles have not yet encoded information, so they do
not have a mechanism to circulate information. Besides,
because the energy state in the wave -particle has not been
released, there are no electric waves in the particle, so they do
not have a rotation mechanism.
- The next is the destructive energy particle life form.
Does the destructive particle have a spinning mechanism? –
No, they do not have a spinning mechanism. That means that
annihilation particles do not rotate around themselves as they
move because they do not have e lectric waves. There are no
electric waves because the intellectual wave code within it
has not been completely transformed. The ancestral wave-
particles have not been completely transformed because they
move and exist in a neutral environment. In addition, because
destructive particles do not have a mechanism to connect and
develop into structures on the scale of a yin and yang embryo,
they do not have a mechanism to circulate information waves.

- For the smallest energy particles, the life form has
positive electric waves. Do they have a spinning mechanism?
– Of course, they have a spinning mechanism. It's the
mechanism that spins around themselves as they move. Why
do they have a spinning mechan ism when moving? – For
positive energy particles formed from wave-particles before
the yin and yang embryo of the universe appeared: ancestral
wave-particles moved into a hot environment to thoroughly
transform wave-particles into wisdom wave code fibres with
true information value encoded inside. Besides, the
intellectual wave code fibre releases energy states, creating a
spinning characteristic for positive particles when they move.
– Positive energy particles generated from yin and yang
embryos rotate be cause they inherit the genetic
characteristics of the original positive particle and encode a
heat amount with true information from the outside
environment. Therefore, they spin around themselves when
they are born.
- The life form has negative electric waves for the
smallest energy particles. Do they have a spinning
mechanism? – They have a spinning mechanism. It's the
mechanism that spins around themselves as they move. Why
do they have a spinning mechanism when moving? – Negative
energy particles formed from wave-particles before the yin
and yang embryo of the universe appeared: the ancestral
wave-particles moved into an environment with hot, neutral,
and negative heat before transforming into harmful energy
particles. Although the information encoding process was
faulty due to information distortion in a negative thermal
environment, the radical transformation of the wave-particle

Spinning - The Key to Survival and Growth

helped the negative particle release its energy state.
Therefore, they spin around themselves as they move, but the
orbit is opposite to the positive particle's. – Harmful energy
particles generated from yin and yang embryos rotate
because they inherit the genetic characteristics of the original
negative particles and encode a negative amount of heat with
missing information from the outside environment.
Therefore, they spin around themselves when they are born.
- For the yin and yang embryos' life forms. Do they have
a spinning mechanism? – They have and include rotating
around themselves when moving and circulating information
in the yin and yang embryo. They rotate around themselves
when moving because they inherit the genetic characteristics
of yin and yang particles. They circulate information waves
because it is the nature of negative particles to attract and
positive particles to radiate information. Therefore, they form
an information circulation mechanism when they become yin
and yang embryos.
- For physical structures linked by yin and yang
embryos, they both circulate information and rotate around
themselves when moving. Where it does not revolve around
itself is when it joins with other physical structures to form a
planet.
- Each planet has a mechanism to rotate around itself
when moving and a mechanism to circulate information
between physical structures throughout that planet.
- Plants, rocks, and physical structures on a planet only
have information circulation mechanisms. They do not spin as
they move because they are joined together to form a planet.
The fact that the planet rotates around itself when moving

also shows the rotating nature of all the physical structures
that make up that planet.
- Does the solar system rotate? – Yes, the sun rotates
around itself, and the solar system planets also rotate around
the sun. In addition, information waves are constantly
circulating throughout the entire solar system.
- The universe with countless galaxy masses constantly
rotates around the central planet of the universe. The most
magical planet in the universe has a mechanism to rotate
around itself and circulate information from itself to all
galaxies in the universe. The energy strings were created by
the first tuelinh from five groups (or eight groups) of complex
particles and a group of iridescent yellow energy
superparticles to link the galaxy masses to the central planet
to help both of these spinning mechanisms e xist and be
sustainable. The first tuelinh used the pyramid and his power
to transmit information, receive information from all physical
structures in the universe and provide energy to help the
universe always spin around its core.
- As for animal life forms, they constantly circulate
information inside because there is a soul within them. They
do not spin around as they move.
- For the tuelinhs, they have a mechanism that
circulates information. They do not have a mechanism to spin
around themselves as they move.
- For humans, we only have information circulation
mechanisms. We don't have a mechanism that spins around
us as we move.

Spinning - The Key to Survival and Growth

Do you understand what spinning is for? Spinning
creates life and sustainable development for all life forms.
Why? Because the spinning mechanism occurs to promote the
sustainable production of energy particles. It is not simply
spinning by nature and then producing energy particles.
Instead, the life forms in the universe led by the first tuelinh
raised the spinning mechanism to a new high art. That is to
attract the life form of the destructive energy particles to
participate in the spinning process. That drives the
information reactions during the spin to become extremely
fierce, and that fierceness results in the sustainable
development of everything in the universe, especially the
tuelinh life form. That is, many tuelinhs have matured and are
about to a chieve the achievement of transforming yin and
yang embryos into energy filters. The first tuelinh
transformed his yin and yang embryo into a dual energy filter.
As a result of that dual -energy filter, many energy
superparticles were produced to protect an d develop the
universe more sustainably.
Let me tell you the value of the spinning mechanism for
each typical life form in the universe. That helps you better
understand spinning. That is:
- For yin and yang embryos, the process of rotation and
circulation of information waves will create two reactions:
+ Informational vibration reactions of yin particles
during rotation attract destructive energy particles to attack
the yin and yang embryo. In addition, this reaction helps the
yin-yang embryo encode information and heat from the
outside environment into the inside.

+ The hot heat transfer reaction of positive particles
during rotation to detonate destructive particles when they
attack. Besides, the positive particle verifies information
during the information encoding process and absorbs the
heat of the negative particle.
+ Both reactions must be based on a rotational
mechanism. It will help the yin-yang embryo encode accurate
information and heat to promote the production of energy
particles with strong positive electric waves and energy
particles with weak negative electric waves. That is the value
and purpose that every energy embryo needs to achieve to
promote sustainable development. However, the results and
value of the spinning process depend on the nature and ability
of the yin and yang embryo to handle the reactions during the
spinning process.
- Each solar system's rotation process has been created
and has become the pinnacle of the art of rotation. It was one
of the great works of the first tuelinh. Do you know why not?
That is:
+ The Sun is at the centre of the solar system with a
continuous and rotating chain of information reactions to
always generate heat. Heat is responsible for providing all the
planets orbiting it. The purpose is to help convert particles of
destruction into particles of fire and th en detonate them.
Thus, the sun in each solar system has the same value as a
positive energy particle responsible for creating reactions to
detonate destructive particles to provide an invaluable heat
source from the explosions of destructive particles. This heat
source helps the planets around it continuously produce and

Spinning - The Key to Survival and Growth

connect the smallest particles, strengthening the solar system
structure.
+ Each planet rotates around the sun and around itself
to create day and night. This spinning reaction would attract
destructive particles to attack when the planets do not receive
heat from the sun at night. Then, heat from the sun will turn
the particles of destruction into particles of fire and then
detonate them during the day. Thus, the planets revolve
around the sun like a negative particle linked to a positive
particle, the sun. Negative multiparticle material structures
will vibrate strongly and maximally when there is no control
of heat to attract destructive particles to attack. Then, heat
from the sun will control and detonate the annihilation
particles. The heat from the explosions of destructive
particles is provided to the physical structures o n those
planets to produce and bond particles more quickly and
sustainably.
+ Each planet rotates and circulates information to help
them balance the energy state between yin and yang. The
rotation of the planets will help them produce warm heat to
promote the close connection between the physical
structures within each planet. Warm heat is the result of chain
reactions caused by detonated destructive energy, by heat
from the sun, by heat from the core of each planet. Above all,
it is the operation from the first tuelinh when creating the
connection between the planets and from the central planet
to all planets in the universe. That makes the rotation
mechanism of solar systems a pinnacle of art.
+ However, if the planets do not rotate, there is no
connection between them by energy beams to help the orbits

rotate stably; they will disintegrate by breaking the
connection between the physical structure of each planet.
Additionally, they are decomposed by attacks of destructive
energy or detonated when they collide with each other.
- For the universe as a whole, spinning and circulating
information to absorb destructive particles and detonate
them is a pinnacle of the art and wisdom of the first tuelinh.
That is:
+ All planets orbiting the sun in the universe serve as
negative particles to attract destructive particles that attack
through the vibrations of negative multiparticle material
structures.
+ All the suns in the universe are positive particles that
radiate heat and detonate the annihilation particles that
bombard the planets.
+ Areas containing destructive energy particles within
the universe have been formed. It is the source of destructive
energy for detonation reactions to create heat and provide
heat for the sustainable development of all things in the
universe. The first t uelinh created storms of annihilation
energy to help the movement and development of the
universe be more effective.
+ On the central planet, the first tuelinh must process
all incoming and outgoing information. Then, he provides
energy to places in the universe that must be processed to
help all life forms survive and develop sustainably. This
operation results in a foundation structure being built, and a
network of energy threads is formed. Both are linked from the
core of the central planet to all the planets and spaces in the
universe.

Spinning - The Key to Survival and Growth

+ Thus, with his superior intellect in operating the
development of all life forms in the universe, the first tuelinh
turned the spinning mechanism with its simple nature into a
pinnacle of the art of spinning. As a result, the universe has
developed very quickly from an embryo of yin and yang
energy to become the magical cosmic sphere it is today.
- For humans, through the circular mechanism of
information circulation in the internal soul structure, our soul
receives many values. As follows:
+ Through controlling the negative information of the
original yin particle and the yin particle system, tuelinhs and
humans can identify negative emotions such as boredom,
pain, jealousy, resentment, anger, and hate. Those emotions
are negative, manifesti ng negative information in the
information circulation process. It is also a manifestation of
the toxins in the yin particle system and the original yin
particle of the tuelinh.
+ The information of the negative particle system and
the original negative particle vibrating intensely to super
strong will absorb outside information and heat and attract
many destructive particles to attack the tuelinh. It is part of
the mechanism to p roduce sustainable energy particles for
the tuelinh when the tuelinhs and humans can control
negative information.
+ Through controlling the positive information of the
original positive particle and the positive particle system,
tuelinhs and people can identify positive emotions such as joy,
happiness, enjoyment, excitement, and peacefulness. Those
emotions are positive, manifesting positive information in the
information circulation process. It also exemplifies the

goodness in the positive particle system and the original
positive particle of tuelinh.
+ The information of the positive particle system and
the original positive particles vibrating intensely to super
strong will control the negative particles and external data
and detonate the destructive particles when they attack the
tuelinh. That is part of the mechanism to produce sustainable
energy particles for tuelinhs when they have the power of the
positive particle system.
+ The speed of information circulation of the tuelinh
inside humans will determine the process of particle
production and our emotions. Suppose the information
circulation speed is fast and robust; positive and negative
emotions will occur quickly. In that case, we may feel neither
sad nor happy while reacting and interacting. As a result, the
information circulation process has created a very effective
and magical mechanism for producing sustainable energy
particles. On the contrary, if the information cir culation rate
is slow or hindered, negative emotions will spread and
control the entire tuelinh and mind. As a result, we quickly
produce many harmful particles.
+ The tuelinhs and humans want to control information
and operate the most effective information circulation
mechanism; they must understand all the truths about
themselves and everything in and out of the universe. They
smoothly use the production, linkin g, and rotation
mechanism when they know everything to produce positive
particles for sustainable development.
So, you see, the rotation, production, and connection
mechanisms are closely linked in creating life from yin and

Spinning - The Key to Survival and Growth

yang embryos to the entire universe. In particular, to protect
and promote the sustainable development of all life forms in
the universe, the first tuelinh must operate to turn these two
mechanisms into a pinnacle of art.
You have now understood the universe's rotation
mechanism of all life forms. In particular, you have also
understood the values that the rotation mechanism and the
production and connection mechanism bring to the entire
universe in general and human life f orms in particular. From
those values, you understand that every emotion is important
and meaningful. However, we must learn how to control and
speed up the circulation of information in the tuelinh so as not
to be influenced by emotions and control the mi nd and the
tuelinh."
After the teacher finished preaching, everyone looked
at the clock and realized that it was almost time to have dinner
and go to the airport to fly home. However, as usual, everyone
still spent a little time resting after the lecture. Some students
took the opportunity to ask the teacher questions related to
the lecture. Afterwards, the teacher and everyone returned to
the room to get their luggage and check in to leave the hotel.
That was the teacher's last lecture in India during his
pilgrimage and visitation of relics related to the life of Buddha.