Chapter Fifty-One

The Battle for Survival Between
Destructive Energy and the Universe

The flight back to Hanoi has left. Everyone's eyes
through the small window next to their seats were attentively
looking at people and vehicles in the airport. This trip had
significant meaning for his students as they listened to
essential and valuable lectures about energy particles.
Besides, stories about the teacher's p ast lives, Buddha's
footsteps on his journey to seek enlightenment, and Buddha's
arduous path in spreading knowledge are visible in
everyone's minds. The stories he told his students at places
considered necessary in Buddha's life helped people make
connections between the past and present. It helps students
understand and have solid support in their origins. They
know that roots are the strength to overcome difficulties and
reach the journey's destination.
For the teacher, this trip has brought him many unique
emotions and new achievements. Those special feelings are
always hidden inside because the journey ahead is still long
and arduous. He always tells his students they must race

against time to practice sustainable energy particle
production. For that reason, the teacher also buried
emotional expressions because of the urgency and
incessantness of time. I once remember, in a course that the
teacher taught, he said, "For me, the ha ppiest and most
peaceful moment is when my tuelinh escapes my body to
return to my roots, to my hometown. No words can fully
describe that feeling of happiness and pride. That was when
the tuelinh returned freedom to the body after a lifetime of
always controlling the body. That freedom is the freedom of
the final movements, of the freedom to decompose and return
to the life form of the smallest energy particles. That feeling
only exists when each person understands the origin and
mission and completes the mission. It results from a race
against time to increase the rotation process in the operation
of the sustainable energy particle production mechanism.
However, for most people, it is death. Therefore, they are
afraid to think and face death." The teacher taught the most
extraordinary knowledge about energy particles to his
students during this trip, and he will teach them again to other
students in subsequent courses. It is like the cyclical process
of spreading enlightened knowledge to produce energy
particles.
When the plane started to take off, the teacher closed
his eyes. Perhaps he continues going into the tuelinh's
memories to get important information. These truths and
valuable information are the experiences of his tuelinh from
when he was just the smalles t yin and yang particle to
becoming a yin and yang embryo, an energy sphere, an
explosion, and the process of building the universe, and the

The Battle for Survival Between Destructive Energy and the Universe

journey of practice in the human world until achieving the
unified Tao of the universe. The massive and highly complex
information has been gradually transformed by the teacher
and created into special enlightened knowledge to teach to
students and spread all over the world. The teacher is
entering the memories of his tuelinh, so let us join and merge
with his mind to listen and observe those memories. Relax
and be still for this journey through his memories.
"Today, I have taught my students about the universe's
construction by the first tuelinh and the rotation mechanism.
There is a lot of content and knowledge in those lectures that
confuse them and do not understand clearly. Indeed, it is not
easy for every one to know what I understand and possess
unique knowledge about the two truths and energy particles.
However, please rest assured because I am present in this
human world to help you know all the truths of all things,
events, and phenomena in and outside the universe, from the
past to the future and yourselves. Therefore, I can continually
transform complex information and knowledge into easy -to-
understand ones for you.
Let me think about what knowledge they need
clarification in today's two lectures. Their most significant
confusion is the knowledge about the first tuelinh creating
destructive energy areas in the universe's space. Of course, it
is a great confusion for s tudents and learners because
everyone only knows that the living space of the destructive
energy is outside the cosmic sphere. People's confusion is
interesting because knowledge increasingly analyses
particles and the accurate information values of everything in
and outside the universe. In addition, it is interesting because

learners have been focusing on understanding and solving
problems in each unit of knowledge. Let me return to the past
of my tuelinh in operating and building the universe's life.
Thus, a giant planet at the centre of space containing
the smallest energy particles was completed. It is a beautiful
and peaceful place for my tuelinhs to live there. The tuelinhs'
energy embryos have also been placed in a unique cave; each
embryo has been placed in a magical rock crystal. Next, I will
have to provide heat from the explosion of destructive energy
into those rock crystals. That heat will help the yin and yang
embryos react to produce and bond particles to mature faster.
Therefore, in the no t-too-distant future, I will have children.
They will live on this magical planet with me, and I will raise
them to mature. They will become wonderful tuelinhs of this
universe. Thus, my plan to build a magical planet has been
completed, and the yin and ya ng energy embryos to become
tuelinhs are also developing smoothly. These are my
outstanding achievements since the Big Bang . I must thank
the abundant heat source from that big explosion to achieve
these achievements. Without that kind of heat, I could not
build and create the first life like that. That makes me
appreciate the existence of destructive energy particle life
forms more than ever. They are the foundation for my
existence and the entire universe. In addition, they provide
me and other life forms in the universe with a unique source
of heat for us to survive and develop. I used the Big Bang's
heat to create this magical planet. It helps me make the most
beautiful planet in the universe. However, using too much
heat will affect my plans to build other life. It's time for me to
move to outer space to survey the situation.

The Battle for Survival Between Destructive Energy and the Universe

Look, in front of me is an endlessly vast space, that is,
the space that contains the smallest energy particles after the
explosion. They are moving and spinning around themselves.
Occasionally, yin and yang energy embryos are formed. That
shows they are g rowing according to their natural nature
with spinning and bonding mechanisms to continue
producing and bonding. Amazingly, the more I move outward,
the more yin and yang embryos I see. They range from tiny to
mature embryos and even develop embryos with aggregated
particle structures on the outside. They transmit information
to me as if they want me to arrange and build their lives. That
makes me race against time even further to create the
following life forms for the universe.
I have moved outside, adjacent to the space of
destructive energy. Look, from here, I can't see the magical
planet in the centre anymore. That magical planet has been
obscured by the rapid development of yin and yang embryos,
and the distance is too great. That makes me feel happy for my
efforts before the explosion occurred. Look out at the living
space of destructive energy; the big explosion has caused
their particle density to be greatly reduced. That explosion
created a series of small explosions that spread from the
envelope of the energy sphere to the depths of their living
space. That causes the number of their particles to decrease
seriously. However, after that explosion, an ample space
containing heat was created so that the energy particles of the
sphere could spill out and exist safely in that space. So, where
I am standing is the boundary between the space of
destructive particles and the space of the universe. The
interior of the cosmic sphere is heat space after the explosion

to protect it from attacks by annihilation particles and wave-
particles. The annihilation particles were detonated as they
moved into the universe's space. Besides, wave-particles
moving into the universe's space are also detonated. They
were detonated because the space containing the outer heat
of the universe was too strong; Therefore, wave-particles
cannot be converted into energy particles and annihilation
particles are easily detonated.
Please feel that the heat after the explosion has been
consumed a lot. It is consumed because of the process by
which I use it for constructing the central planet and
absorbing the heat for the yin and yang energy embryos. That
shows that building and creating life forms in the universe has
exhausted the heat source since the explosion. Therefore, I
must have a plan to protect all life in the universe before this
heat source is depleted. I can't waste more time and must
continue my journey to build planets and other magical life
forms outside the central planet.
Hey, my body and mind, look at my great work. Those
are the blocks of galaxies that I designed and built. They are
arranged and covered sequentially from the central planet
outward. I spent a lot of time on that construction process,
and now I have many la yers of galactic mass beyond the
central planet. Each galaxy block has many galaxies arranged
together to form a cube; each galaxy has many solar systems,
and each solar system has a sun and planets orbiting around
it. For them to be closely linked and rotate around the central
planet, I had to build a system of energy strings connecting
them and between them and the central planet. The solar
system is the method of protection and sustainable

The Battle for Survival Between Destructive Energy and the Universe

development for all life forms in the universe in the future.
Because I have seen the future of all life forms, I have designed
a universe with sustainable development characteristics. Of
course, to create so many galaxies, I had to use a lot of heat
from destructive energy detonated from the outside.
Let's move with me to the outer space of the universe.
Look, this outside is no longer the smallest discrete particle.
Instead, they have linked to become yin and yang embryos of
simple and complex matter. Additionally, they have
developed their structure by binding mature yin and yang
embryos together. That has created simple material
structures as large as meteorites. Meteorites have a variety of
properties and values. To make the construction of galactic
blocks outside the central planet convenient and quick, I have
moved the meteorite blocks from the outside to the inside and
absorbed heat from the outside to form a link between them.
Of course, each special rock pyramid crystal would be placed
in the middle before glueing the simple physical structures
together to form the planets. Taking large physical structures
from the outside has helped me save time building planets
and life forms.
Do my mind and body see anything? The heat on the
outer of the universe has almost exhausted itself. To protect
this entire cosmic sphere, I have moved positive energy
particles outside the boundary with the destructive energy
space to save the universe from attacks from annihilation
energy. Look, the life form o f annihilation energy has been
restored in quantity. Thus, after a long time, they have
returned in large numbers, and their power has become a
worry for the universe's life. However, when I move po sitive

particles to form a protective membrane for the universe,
they directly detonate destructive particles that attack the
universe to increase the heat for building the universe. In
addition, I must also move particles and multi -negative
particle structures c loser to the protective layer of positive
particles to create a large vibration to attract destructive
particles to attack the universe. Developing life forms in the
universe and protecting the universe from the attack of
annihilation particle life forms i s not easy at all. It is a big
problem, and I also have to accept when witnessing the
sacrifice of many energy particles outside the universe. Relax
with your journey back to memory; I must continue building
life forms.
Standing in the space of the destructible particle life
form and looking at the cosmic sphere, what will it be like?
How wonderful. When I look at the universe, I see that it is
rotating. It is terrific that the rotation of the universe radiates
power. Tha t is the warm heat radiating strongly from the
centre of the cosmic sphere. That warm heat resonates with
the heat from the explosions of destructive particles outside
the universe, creating an extraordinary power. It makes the
life form of the outer annih ilation particle feel confused
before the miraculous development of the universe when it
started as a yin and yang embryo formed in the endless space
of the destructive particle.
Let me re-merge with my tuelinh. Thus, more galaxies
have been formed and are linked to the central planet. All
galaxies currently occupy half the space of the cosmic sphere.
Beyond the galaxy masses and central planet are the smallest
energy particles, th e yin -yang embryos, and the physical

The Battle for Survival Between Destructive Energy and the Universe

structures linked by the mature yin-yang embryos. However,
the rotation speed of the entire universe is slowing down, and
the heat supply from destructive energy particles is not
guaranteed. Explosions of a few particles to a lot of
annihilation particles at the boundary of the universe and the
annihilation energy space is not enough to provide heat for
building and protecting the entire universe. In contrast, the
heat from the massive explosion outside was gone. The
membrane, positive energy particles cove ring the outside of
the cosmic sphere, protects the universe from attacks by
destructive particles, and they can only provide some heat
from explosions. However, that heat is too little, while I need
a lot of heat for the universe's development. Without en ough
heat from explosions of destructive energy, all life forms in
the universe would be destroyed. What should I do now? Ah!
I have found the most optimal solution. I must accept the
sacrifice of negative multiparticle material structures to
create areas containing destructive energy within the
universe. To ensure the heat supply for the construction,
protection and sustainable development of life forms in the
universe, I must create many areas containing destructive
energy particles inside the cosmic sphe re. Each mass of
galaxies would have to have several regions containing
annihilation particles. When heat is needed to develop and
move all life in each galaxy block, I will efficiently handle
reactions to detonate destructive energy.
Let me go into my private workplace and operate the
process of creating areas containing destructive energy
particles using my pyramid. Let's begin: negative
multiparticle structures and matter will coalesce into places

according to my direction. Amazingly, countless areas contain
negative multiparticle structures to form cold environments.
Cold heat is an ideal environment to help destructive particles
move and exist in it. It enables the destroyed particles to
remove excess heat and not detonate. Places with cold
thermal environments in the universe wi ll be the second
home of the destructive particle life form. Come on,
annihilation particles, move in to save yourselves from being
detonated by the excess heat. Dear posit ive particles outside
the cosmic sphere, please proceed to the side to create a space
without heat so I can develop vibrations from cold heat areas.
These areas will attract destructive particles to move into
cold heat areas. Amazingly, the annihilation pa rticles are
moving in streams into areas with negative multiparticle
structures. It is like an invasion of the destructive particle life
form into the universe according to the way of thinking of the
annihilation particle life form. However, according to h uman
understanding, it is like creating lakes throughout the desert
to create life for all species. In the end, areas containing
destructive particles were formed everywhere in the
universe's space. Dear positive particles at the boundary of
the universe and the annihilation particle space, please return
to your position to protect the universe and continue
detonating the destructive particles when they attack.
Next, what do I need to do? Well, I need to seal off the
areas containing the destruction particles. Dear positive
particles and multi-positive material structures, please move
towards and around areas containing destructive energy.
Please move according t o my instructions. Dear precious
planets in the galaxies, please rest assured that the solar

The Battle for Survival Between Destructive Energy and the Universe

systems I have built can absorb and detonate annihilation
particles. Besides, the solar systems around each area
containing the annihilation particles will protect the life of all
life forms in each solar system. Please rest assured because
everything is controlled and operated by me. Please continue
to enjoy the heat from the explosions of annihilation particles
to develop more and more sustainably.
It's fantastic; my universe is now more magical than
before. It is like a machine operating all life in the universe
precisely. It is a machine formed from countless smallest
energy particles, and each smallest particle stores many
information values that are assigned functions and tasks. The
warm heat emanating from the yin and yang embryos, each
planet, the solar systems, and the galaxies are mixed with the
heat from the explosions of destructive particles in outer
space and the regions containing annihil ation energy
particles in the universe. They form an energy source with
magical power to operate the universe in safety and
sustainable development.
I have built the galaxies from the central planet to the
edge of the destructive energy space. Thus, the universe is
now a great whole shaped like a giant planet containing
countless galaxy masses. In addition, there are numerous
annihilation energy areas everywhere in the universe to
provide energy for reactions that create heat to serve the
development and movement of all life forms. An endless
journey that I have passed in just a moment.
Look outside the cosmic sphere; it is like a membrane
containing five groups of energy to do the job: protect the
universe against the attack of destructive energy; attract and

detonate annihilation particles to provide heat for the
development of life forms in the universe in the area close to
space of annihilation energy. In addition, they serve as doors
that are opened to allow destructive energy to move into
regions containin g annihilation particles in the universe
when additional supplies are needed. The pyramid at my
workplace - the tool connecting my yin and yang embryos -
must work at maximum capacity to create energy groups for
that task. However, due to the growth and att ack of
destructive particle life forms outside the cosmic sphere, the
universe has consumed a lot of energy in protection and
rotation. In addition, many planets and many tuelinh babies
have been disintegrated by destructive energy. The decay of
the negati vely multi -structured planets is acceptable
compared to the achievements given the scale of the universe.
However, the small tuelinhs being disintegrated by the
destruction particles have become my concern. That shows
the limitations of the intelligence and power of the tuelinh life
form when participating in the reaction process of detonating
destructive particles. The tuelinhs born from me do not have
the same intelligence and strength as me. That is a big
problem that I will have to solve for a long time , and it will
always be a challenge for every tuelinh born in the future.
Therefore, I need to find an effective method to help my little
tuelinhs mature and have the power to handle destructive
energy detonation reactions safely.
I have succeeded; it was a great success when I
transformed my yin and yang energy embryo into a dual
energy filter. It is a journey in which I and the tuelinhs
incarnate into humans to find the most effective method of

The Battle for Survival Between Destructive Energy and the Universe

operating destructive particle detonation reactions. That
helps the tuelinhs and myself understand all the truths about
ourselves, each other, and everything in and out of the
universe. As a matter of necessity, my successful
transformation of the dual ene rgy filter has helped me
produce super energies: shiny yellow super -energy particles
that enable the connection and rotation of all life forms in the
universe more efficiently; lapis lazuli blue super -energy
particles have protected the outer of the universe without the
need for five groups of energy particles. These two types of
superparticles have power that no other particle can compare
to. Various kinds of super-energy particles are produced from
my energy filters to help the operation, protection and
development of everything in the universe become more
sustainable.
Hey, mind and my body, look: the entire cosmic sphere
is surrounded by superparticles of lapis lazuli blue energy. All
the energy strings connecting the planets and from all the
planets to the central planet are shiny golden super -energy.
These two types o f superparticles have effectively operated
life in the universe, especially in absorbing destructive
particles and detonating them extremely miraculously. All of
these achievements are due to the efforts of the entire tuelinh
life form when they participat ed in incarnating into humans
to practice for many human lives in the human world.
Hey, my body, the destructive energy life form is
significant to the life and development of all life forms in the
universe. It is a heat source that creates and develops life for
all things in the universe. At the same time, it is also the source
of energy that destroys the life of any life form in the universe.

The destruction of many tuelinhs, physical structures and
planets in the universe has already proven how destructive
they are. Therefore, annihilation energy is always a great
challenge for all life forms, especially the tuelinh life forms.
That has led me to have long -term plans for developing
wisdom and strength for all tuelinhs. I have created and
continue to maintain a learning environment for the tuelinh
life forms in the human world. It can be affirmed that the
energy of destruction and the universe a lways exist in a
struggle for survival and sustainable development, as you
have seen in the memory of the Big Bang. If the life form of the
destructive particles has a high density, they will be
detonated and destroyed forever. If the energy of destruction
no longer exists, the universe will run out of energy and
destroy. Therefore, adjusting the density distribution of
destructive energy particles and detonating them when they
do not yet have a high density is to save their lives. Saving
their lives means saving all life forms in the universe."
The plane suddenly shook so vigorously that the
teacher lost connection to his tuelinh and opened his eyes. At
this time, the aircraft was halfway through its journey. In only
about two hours left, the teacher and his students will arrive
in Hanoi. When the teacher looked at the students' seats, they
still fell asleep.
The teacher may continue to go into his memory to
reconnect with the accurate information values of the
universe's past and his tuelinh. That will greatly help the
teacher when he teaches enlightened knowledge to his
students.

The Battle for Survival Between Destructive Energy and the Universe

In addition, when he travels by plane from abroad to his
country, he always finds sleeping difficult. Therefore, I will
wait for him to enter his memory to continue integrating into
his mind.