Chapter Fifty-Two

Information Transceiver System and
Energy Wire System to Operate
the Universe

The teacher has been in memory for a while now. Let's
go in to observe and follow his journey back to memory.
"What was the next confusing problem that my
students encountered in today's lectures? It is the
fundamental structure - the information transceiver system
of the universe. My students cannot understand that
knowledge because I have never taught them about that.
Hey guys! I know you are observing and following my
journey back to memory, so please listen and observe what I
recreate in my memory. That helps you better understand the
secrets of the universe and the transcendent wisdom of the
first tuelinh. Now, let's go back to my memories.
It's great that I've finished building the central planet.
That will be the most beautiful, magical and peaceful planet
after I complete my work of building the universe. However,
while making this magical planet, I encountered difficulties
transmitting and receiving information from energy particle

units throughout the universe. The transmission of
information to all parts of the universe was often interrupted
and did not receive feedback. That has caused me to move into
space to find the best yin and yang embryos for building this
planet. I have seen that before the energy sphere is detonated,
signal transmission and reception are always guaranteed
when I increase the vibration speed. However, after the Big
Bang, the space containing the energetic particles was
expanded many times larger than before the explosion.
Therefore, the distance between particles is longer, and the
ability to transmit and receive information is interrupted. The
fact that I spend a lot of time moving to select groups of
particles, energy embryos, and physical structures in spa ce
and arrange them into planets causes me to lose the
opportunity to take full advantage of using the heat source
after the explosion. I understand that that heat source does
not last forever. I need to take the time to effectively use the
heat source for the construction process to have the
opportunity to diversify life in the universe.
Thus, I have a big challenge in processing information
with all the energy particles in the universe. Suppose I do not
have an effective solution to solve the problem of receiving
and transmitting data. In that case, I will not be able to control
and operate life forms in the universe when the universe has
many planets and a variety of life forms in the future. To solve
this problem, I must create a system for receiving and
transmitting information throughout the cosmic sphere. All
data must be transmitted from one place on the central planet
to all of the universe's space. Information from energy
particle units, life forms, and planets will be collected for the

Information Transceiver System and Energy Wire System to Operate the Universe

central planet. Building and operating all life in my universe
will become easy and effective if I can create such a system. It
is a great idea.
Let me start building an information -receiving and
transmitting system:
- At my workplace on the central planet, this pyramid is
the centre for transmitting and receiving information. It is
considered the original yin and yang embryo to handle all
information reactions of all life in the universe.
- I set up each cluster of synthetic energy particles. Each
cluster of synthetic particles is a station that receives and
transmits information. The distance between particle clusters
is calculated as the distance of several aggregate particles
when they lie in a straight line. The entire system of receiving
and transmitting information is like my structure: the
pyramid in the centre of the system is considered the original
yin and yang embryo in my body, and the clusters of particles
outside the pyramid and in the entire structure of the system
is considered as clusters of particles outside the mature yin
and yang embryo in my body. Thus, the information system is
like a giant tuelinh that covers the entire universe. In
particular, the pyramid of the system is closely linked to my
original yin and yang embryo.
- I use the smallest energy particles with complex
intellectual wave codes to form synthetic particles. Synthetic
negative particles are made of the smallest energy particles
with fragile electric waves. Synthetic positive particles are
made of the smalles t energy particles with weak electric
waves. Neutral particles are responsible for linking the
synthetic positive particles together. The synthetic negative

particle will vibrate and rotate around the synthetic positive
particle.

- The mechanism for transmitting and receiving
information is implemented as follows:
+ The neutral particles are transmission paths for
information to move between clusters of synthetic energy
particles. They are neutral wires.
+ Synthetic negative particles vibrate to emit signals
and attract information.

Information Transceiver System and Energy Wire System to Operate the Universe

+ Synthetic positive particles transmit and push data to
other clusters and the information processing centre.
Thus, I have completed a system for receiving and
transmitting information for the entire space of the universe.
It's fantastic; the information signals move very quickly and
efficiently. With this information -receiving and conveying
system, I can easily h andle all information reactions in the
easiest and fastest way. It helps me save travel time and
observe all the problems happening in and out of the
universe. Why is it possible to follow the outside of the cosmic
sphere? Because my information -receiving and transmitting
system is spread out and covers the entire universe, the
information of the destructive particle life forms adjacent to
the cosmic sphere is encoded and transferred to the centre
planet. That makes it easy to handle information reactions to
all life forms and particles in the universe.
This information system is exceptional because it
comprises a complex energy particle group. Therefore, simple
physical structures such as plants, rocks, meteorites, and
planets quickly move through this information system. You
can imagine that this inform ation system is like the soul
residing in the bodies of humans, animals, plants, and rocks.
Simple physical structures can move in the space of an
information system without affecting the system. In addition,
when the information receiving and transmitting clusters are
interrupted or destroyed by destructive energy, the
surrounding information clusters will send information to the
processing centre. After receiving the information, I can
quickly process it to create new particle clusters to replace
the destroyed ones.

You will wonder why I built an information system
from negative particles with weak electric waves and positive
particles with weak electric waves. That's simple. First of all,
you understand that building an information system from
complex particles ensures that simple physical structures and
planets can move in the space of the system without being
affected or obstructed. Next, the fact that the synthetic
particles of the information system are made up of particles
with weak electric waves ensures that the information during
the reception and transmission process is not affected or
changed.
As a result, after I completed the information system,
building and operating all life forms in the universe was done
very quickly and effectively. That is why I have built and
operated a fantastic universe with countless lives to this day.
Let me reveal a secret from the system to you: When you have
thoughts or actions on Earth, I still know them even though I
am on the central planet. That shows that, through this
information system, I see your information reactions. It would
help if you remembered that your actions and thoughts are all
the process of reacting information from your original yin and
yang embryo with your body's brain. Therefore, my
information system quickly obtains that information and
transmits it to the operations centre. At this point, you
understand why my five messengers can operate the entire
tree of cause and effect for every tuelinh and person
practising in the human world. It combines the information
system and the unique workplace of those five messengers.
With this memory of mine, you have learned the secret
of how I operate the life of the entire universe through the

Information Transceiver System and Energy Wire System to Operate the Universe

information-receiving and transmitting system. Now, it's no
longer a secret. When my students grasp this secret, their
enlightened wisdom will become even more extraordinary.
Let me see what other issues in today's lectures confuse
my students. Ah! I know, it's a wire connection system
between planets. It is also an issue that I have never given a
detailed lecture to my students before. This problem is similar
to the problem of information-receiving and transmitting
systems in the universe.
Hey guys, I know you and humanity are wondering why
the moon revolves around the Earth and the Earth and planets
revolve around the sun. You think there is some force of
interaction between those planets, so they rotate like that. It
would help if you reme mbered that no force causes the
planets to connect and turn around each other without the
hands and wisdom of the first tuelinh. He is the most superior
intelligence in the universe, having created countless life
forms and elevated movement mechanisms to the pinnacle of
art. I have taught my students that the universe is composed
of three types of matter, including simple matter, the planets,
solar systems, and galaxies to the cosmic sphere; Complex
matter is interconnected to form a system of interconnecting
planets throughout the universe; and the super -physical life
form is the tuelinh, headed by the first tuelinh. Those three
groups of materials react with each other to exist and develop
together through rotation and production - connection.
To understand this issue clearly, please follow me back
to my memories of creating the wire connection system of my
tuelinh. You will see that it is no longer a secret once you

understand all the issues associated with the energy strings
system of the universe.
What's happening? The second planet after the central
planet has been built, but why does it have the phenomenon
of moving away from the central planet? Of course, it's still
spinning around itself. Is there something unusual going on
with it? Let me look again at these two planets to see the
problems with the new planet: clearly, the central planet is
still at the centre of the universe and is rotating around itself.
Besides, the entire space contains the smallest energy
particles still orbiting the central planet. So the central planet
has no problem. However, during the rotation of the whole
universe, the smallest particles, energy embryos, and physical
structures do not move stably. The most typical and obvious
is the second planet that has just been com pleted. It is
spinning around itself as it moves and spins around the
central planet. However, its distance and movement speed
change and there is no stability. If there are many planets
whose orbits are unstable, they will collide with each other
and create explosions that destroy life on those planets. A big
challenge that requires me to find a solution to handle it. So,
what do I need to do now?
Ah! I understand. To create a planet with a tight
connection between simple physical structures, I used
complex energy groups to form the material that binds them
to the special rocky pyramid crystal at the planet's core. That
way, I created a complete pla net. In addition, that approach
created magnetic fields and gravity on each planet. It's
excellent; I know how to help the planets move in stable
orbits. However, a significant challenge to maintaining

Information Transceiver System and Energy Wire System to Operate the Universe

alignment within each planet is regularly supplying complex
energy groups to compensate for consumption and maintain
steady movement. That shows that when I create many
planets, I need more complex energy groups to link within
each planet and between planets. That is not easy for me right
now, and I will have to search for the most effective method
to resolve this challenge.
Thus, a solar system has been created, which includes
the sun and many surrounding planets. They are all spinning
around themselves as they move. That's because of the
magnetic fields and gravitational forces formed by the rocky
pyramidal crystals in the c ore and the complex energies
bound inside each planet. That constitutes their natural
nature. Although these planets are still moving around the
central planet of the universe, their speed and orbit are
unstable. Therefore, there is a high risk that they w ill collide
with each other and cause explosions that destroy
themselves.
Hey, planets, let me help you have a stable orbit. I need
you to operate according to the trajectory I create to solve all
the challenges for future development. Let the complex
energy flows move in here. Complicated energy particles,
please move according to the guidance information that I
have transmitted into the information system. Let's move to
my pyramid. Okay, let me turn you into excellent energy
wires. Next, let's move my strings to the planets and link the
planets with the sun. Each planet will be linked to the sun by
a beam of string to rotate around the sun. A similar energy
beam must also connect the minor planets orbiting the giant
planet. Thus, the planets have been linked and are revolving

around the sun to form a complete solar system in orbit , and
they are following my plans for the future. Next, let's connect
an energy beam of string from the rock crystal in the core of
the central planet to the sun of the other solar system. Thus,
the creation of the connection between the planets to the sun
and from the s un to the central planet is completed.
Amazingly, they are moving based on the natural nature of
each planet and following the orbit I create.
Many galaxies have been built, and they have been
arranged around the central planet. Each galaxy has many
solar systems, and each sun is linked to the central planet by
a beam of string of complex energy. The planets around each
solar system are linked to the sun, and they move around their
sun by energy strings.
I have completed the first layer of galactic blocks, and
they are encircling the central planet. All the suns in the
galaxies are connected to the central planet to help all the
galaxies rotate around the central planet. It's incredible how
the speed and orbit of the galaxy masses reach such excellent
stability and precision. The satellite planets orbiting each sun
in their solar system have stable and precise speeds and
orbits. It all creates a magical beauty of light and darkness by
rotating the planets a round itself and the sun to create day
and night. The lights bring heat during the day and the cold at
night, the lights during the day and the lights at night. All
create the mysterious beauty of a space around the central
planet. That is the result of the miraculous works I have made:
the information receiving and transmitting system and the
wire connection system. These two works have elevated the

Information Transceiver System and Energy Wire System to Operate the Universe

mechanism of rotation and production - connection to the
pinnacle of art.
After a long time of building life, I am happy that my
result is the galaxies and life on each planet. The universe now
has countless galaxies arranged to cover one after another
from the central planet to adjacent to the space of destructive
energy. It is truly a great work of the universe when all the
galaxies orbiting the central planet are stable and precise in
speed and distance. I had to create countless energy strings to
link the planets with the sun in their solar systems. I had to
use more energy strings to connect all the suns in the universe
to the central planet. For the central planet to ensure the
strength of the connection and help the surrounding galactic
masses stabilize, I had to reinforce and add complicated
energy groups to increase the c onnection internal to the
central planet. The central planet has the task and mission to
lead, protect, maintain, and sustainably develop the universe.
However, there is a massive challenge for me and the
universe: energy consumption for the interconnected and
rotating operation of the universe. It's unbelievable; the
attrition happens so quickly. According to my calculations, at
an exact time in the futu re, if there is not a particular type of
energy to replace the complex energy groups in connecting
and rotating the entire universe with the central planet, the
universe will break all its connections and explode due to the
collision of the planets.
I have replaced the complex energy groups in
connecting and operating the entire orbit of planets in the
universe with shiny yellow positive energy superparticles. It
is a kind of super -energy particle produced from my yin and

yang embryo after I have transformed the yin and yang
embryo into a single energy filter. It is an achievement that I
have achieved after spending many lifetimes practising in the
human world with my small tuelinhs. Now, the energy strings
connecting the p lanets to the sun of each solar system and
from all suns in the universe to the central planet are all shiny
yellow super -energy cords. This type of energy has super -
power in providing life to all life forms in the universe. In
addition, it has extraordina ry power to detonate destructive
particles. Up to this point, the universe has become magical
and has a unique power because of my achievements and little
tuelinhs. In addition, it comes from special projects to operate
and develop the universe to become sustainable.
What's going on? Destructive energy has increased in
huge quantities in their living space. The energy groups
tasked with protecting the universe outside are not strong
enough to withstand massive attacks from destructive
energy. In addition, the yellow su per-energy is being greatly
consumed in supplying planets and negative multi -energy
structures. Meanwhile, negative energy and a cold thermal
environment are ideal for destructive energy to take
advantage of and destroy life in the universe. That is
genuinely worrying. That is the risk of destroying the
universe by part of its constituent energy, the negative energy
group. That shows that destructive energy has adapted and
found the universe's weak point, negative energy, to attack
them and, through negativ e energy, dissipate the positive
heat of physical structures in the universe. Thus, negative
energy is the cause of the energy consumption of the universe,
especially the shiny yellow super energy. I am the only one in

Information Transceiver System and Energy Wire System to Operate the Universe

the entire universe that produces this type of superparticle,
so it is not in abundant supply. In addition, the rapid growth
of destructive energy resonates with the negative energy of
the universe to create a big challenge that destroys the entire
universe. If that time comes, I cannot transform my yin and
yang en ergy embryo into a dual filter to produce a type of
negative energy superparticle to protect the cosmic sphere
instead of the complex group of particles; the universe will be
disintegrated by dest ructive energy. This decay comes from
two causes: the supply of yellow super-energy for the rotation
of the universe is not guaranteed, and the massive attack of
destructive energy. I must make decisions to transform my
yin and yang embryos and help the tu elinhs successfully
transform their yin and yang embryos into single energy
filters. I currently have three tuelinhs qualified to change the
yin and yang embryo into a single filter. I must incarnate as a
human to complete my transformation and help many
tuelinhs successfully transform their yin and yang embryos.
It's terrific that I successfully transformed the yin and
yang embryo while incarnating in the human world to
continue leading the tuelinhs to transform into single energy
filters. A space containing lapis lazuli blue super energy has
been produced from my yin and yang embryos, and they cover
the outer sphere of the universe. The yellow super -energy
stabilises again after the destructive energy reduces the
interference with the negative energy to drain the positive
energy and the shiny yellow super -energy. The lapis lazuli
blue super-energy particles have magical powers:
Controlling the vibration beyond the threshold of
harmful energy particles

Turning destructive particles into particles of fire
Blocking the attack of annihilation energy
In addition, from my dual filter, I can create other
super-energy particles for different purposes, such as fire
particles, by using lapis lazuli blue superparticles to
transform particles of destruction into particles of fire. Then,
when I need to detonate the fire particle to create heat to
produce other superparticles, I can easily do that with the
shiny golden superparticle.
Thus, my students will thoroughly understand this
special universe knowledge when they listen to my teachings.
That helps them answer their confusion and questions about
the understanding of particles and the secrets that they are
the artistic culmination of the transcendent intelligence of the
supreme soul.
Hey guys, humans cannot see that kind of complex,
super complex, super -energy particles with their eyes. Even
the smallest particles of simple matter cannot be seen by
humans, nor can their scientific technology measure or
capture them. While the complex g roup of particles and the
super complex group have complicated and super -
complicated vibrational wave codes, they are even more
invisible. Even if someone does not believe, even if people do
not realize what I preach to everyone, everyone must believe
in i t when they leave their bodies in the human world to
return to their home planet."
Suddenly, images of other memories of the teacher
flashed by very quickly. That made me understand that he
went to sleep after returning to important memories to
connect precious information and help his students

Information Transceiver System and Energy Wire System to Operate the Universe

thoroughly understand the knowledge of the two truths and
the smallest energy particles. I had escaped from his memory
and was watching him fall asleep. I looked at the clock and
noticed only one hour left until the plane landed at Hanoi's
airport. The tue linh within the teacher allowed his body to
sleep deeply before the plane landed. That's good for me to
keep him healthy for the long journey ahead. Even though he
has succeeded in his first mission in this human life,
successfully transforming the yin and yang embryos into dual
filters, he still has another huge task to help his students
change their yin and yang embryos into single filters. That's
not easy at all.