Chapter Fifty-Four

A Great Decision That Changed the History
of the Universe

The woman left after the teacher finished his morning
lecture. The worries and sadness disappeared from her face
after the teacher explained the painful problem she was
facing. In addition, enlightenment and happiness were
present in her mind and breath. Listening to lectures directly
from the teacher is terrific because the listener will gain a
more magical understanding than reading books and
listening to the teacher's video lectures. That's why students
often suddenly come to the teacher's office to list en to his
lecture. They understand that if they ask the teacher for
permission in advance, the teacher will not agree because of
the reasons he gives. Therefore, these students often come
without asking permission and think they are like children, so
the teacher has no reason to scold them. However, they are
often disappointed when they arrive; those are the times
when the teacher is not present in the office. Anyway, the
teacher's office is like their second home for them. They
respect him very much and co nsider him a close family
member even though he is sometimes very strict. The

teacher's strictness is that he will not give answers or
solutions in some situations that students ask or have
questions about; Instead, he wants his students to experience
the stumbles and sufferings in life. After many times of not
receiving an answer f rom the teacher, the students
understood that if they asked and asked for advice from the
teacher about what to do, the teacher would not answer
because knowledge clearly states what actions produce
positive energy particles and what actions produce negati ve
energy particles. However, if they ask him about problems in
understanding knowledge, he always answers and explains
everything and reality. Therefore, in his mind, his students are
becoming more mature in their thoughts and actions.
While the teacher and some students were drinking
water after the lunch break, others took the opportunity to sit
and sleep on the chairs in the office. As a habit of Vietnamese
people, after every lunch, they often nap, whether at home or
work. Because they live in a hot and humid tropical country,
taking a nap will help them regenerate energy for a more
productive and alert working afternoon. While the teacher
was sipping tea from the hot tea cup in his hand, a male
student asked the teacher, "Teacher, be fore the first tuelinh
brought tuelinhs to incarnate as humans to practice, what did
he do to help the tuelinhs cope with the destructive energy?"
Hearing someone ask the teacher, several students who
were sleeping and sitting woke up immediately. Afterwards,
they washed their faces to stay awake and listen to the
teacher's lecture. Knowing the desire and urgency of those
students, the teacher had not answered yet; instead, he was
still sipping delicious sips of tea.

The Journey of Achieving the Unified Tao of the Universe of God

When all the students were sitting around the teacher,
the teacher spoke. "Of course, the first tuelinh had many
studies and teachings to help all tuelinhs understand
themselves and the energy of destruction. It was a long story
before he decided to create a practice environment and bring
all the tuelinhs to incarnate as humans to practice in this
world. Let me give you an understanding of what he did
before making a significant decision that changed the
universe's history.
After the first tuelinh built the central planet and a mass
of galaxies surrounding that planet, the first small tuelinhs
were born. They were taken from the most miraculous crystal
rocks he created in a giant cave. The tuelinh babies were born
first; they were the first embryos of yin and yang energy that
he gathered to the central space from all over space after the
Big Bang. Did you know? The birth of the tuelinh babies is an
indescribable happiness for the first tuelinh. He was delighted
because their birth ended the loneliness in the vast space for
a long time. From that moment on, he had more tuelinhs with
the same structure and intelligence as him. They can listen to
him speak and teach them. They learned everything from him,
and they communicated wit h him. That made him
extraordinarily emotional and surprised. Perhaps because of
the loneliness in endless space and time for so long, he was
amazed when the tuelinh children talked to him.
After the first tuelinh children were born, he always let
them play in the magical rock crystals cave. They play and
look at the rock crystals containing energy embryos that will
become tuelinhs. The rock crystals where they were born
were filled with new energy embryos by the first tuelinh. A

giant cave radiates silver light from the rock crystals mixed
with iridescent lights from the surrounding floor and walls,
immersing the children in the enchantment of that beauty.
Babies feel they are too small and are constantly exploring
everything in there. They talk to each other whenever the first
tuelinh is not around. They just walked and played there
without daring to leave the cave because the first tuelinh told
them they were not allowed to go out without his permission.
The children call him Father. Their Father wanted them to be
more mature before leaving that cave. Because their particle
structure is not much, they need to absorb good energy from
the rock crystals in the cave to help their yin and yang
embryos produce more new energy particles. However,
creating energy particles in their yin and yang embryos is
very slow, so they must live there for a long time.
Since the tuelinh babies were born, their Father has had
many great ideas in designing and building the life forms of
the universe. He has created countless galaxies based on
constructing a wire connection system between planets and
between them and the ce ntral planet. He also built an
information-receiving and transmitting system to operate the
entire life of the universe more effectively. That shows that
the appearance of his children has helped him create a
magical universe with artistic heights by using the moving
mechanisms of the universe. In particular, he is no longer
alone in endless space. Instead, after working hard to build
and operate the universe, he had children to talk to and teach
them about the world outside this magical cave. It can be said
that love and happiness have appeared in his mind since the

The Journey of Achieving the Unified Tao of the Universe of God

babies were born, whereas before, he did not show any
emotions.
When the children were older, he allowed them to leave
that magical cave. When they stepped out of the cave, where
they had been living for a long time, they became excited by
the beauty and scenery in paradise. They cheered and ran
everywhere to see the sparkling blue lights of lapis lazuli from
the bottom of the lake. They looked at the flowers that
radiated five-coloured light and were fragrant. They play with
brightly shining gems and throw them into the lake. They play
under ancient trees, running acro ss the green grassland and
the bright light emitted from the trees. They had fun and
explored the magical planet after the lectures their Father
gave them to understand the worldview of the planet they
were on. After playing and being tired, they returned to the
ancient houses made by their Father from gold and precious
stones. They are immersed in deep sleep and have beautiful
dreams and memories of how their yin and yang embryos
were formed until the present. Their memories recreated in
sleep have helped them mature in thinking and thinking in
situations they encounter. When the children slept, the first
tuelinh looked at them and the houses he created;
indescribable emotions, thoughts and plans to help the
children grow up appeared in his mind.
He always cares about the children and the energy
embryos to form the next tuelinhs in the magical stone cave
after the hard work of building and operating the universe. At
such times, he let go of the pressures of his work as he blended
his mind with the innocent minds of children. He had an
extraordinary feeling of peace and happiness with them.

After the journey of building galaxies, the space
containing energetic particles after the explosion was filled
with galaxy blocks. The galactic masses are arranged and
cover beyond the central planet as far as the space of the
destructive energy. The univ erse's construction has been
completed with its countless galaxy blocks. Therefore, he
spent more time caring for and educating his children. Now,
his children are not just a few because many were conceived
during his construction of the universe. Together, they form a
life form with superior intelligence and constantly increase in
number. While he was building and operating the universe,
the older children cared for and taught the younger children.
They care for each other and play together whenever their
Father is away or busy with work. Their innocence and
playing make them unable to realize the hardships and
pressures their Father had to go through to help all life forms
in the universe survive and develop sustainably. They just
realized his care and concern for them and saw he had more
time to spend with them. They did not know that the universe
was a sphere with countless galaxies rotating around the
central planet where they were. In addition, they do not know
that hazardous areas inside the galaxies c ontain destructive
energy. Perhaps they are too young to understand those
things, so he has yet to tell them.
After building houses for the children, he created a
place to teach the tuelinhs, his temple. The temple is made of
gold and precious stones; the walls and everything inside
radiate golden light mixed with five-coloured light that is both
enchanting and an cient. In that place, he could teach
thousands of the tuelinhs simultaneously. Indeed, it is a

The Journey of Achieving the Unified Tao of the Universe of God

temple that is both large and ancient. In addition, he has a
separate working area, and he does not allow tuelinhs to enter
that area. It is where the yellow super -energy particles are
later stored. Still, now it is where five complex energy groups
are operated by a pyramid of the most magical stone in the
universe. He uses that pyramid to serve all life in the universe
through the information -receiving and transmitting system
and the wire connection system between the planets and the
central planet. Beside s working at his private workplace, he
spends a lot of time teaching tuelinhs.
In his temple and teachings, the first tuelinh taught the
children about the worldview of the central planet with the
most miraculous physical structures in the universe. He
taught them about the history of the universe's formation,
about himself and the process by which he built the universe's
life. He taught them the rules and principles of
communicating with each other and how to treat other life
forms. He taught them a lot about the universe and about all
physical structures formed from particles with d ifferent
intellectual wave codes. In particular, lectures were given
only to the oldest children, and he taught them about the
energy of destruction. He told them about the existence of
areas containing that type of energy. He also taught them
about the va lue and danger of destructive energy for the
existence and development of the universe. However, through
his lectures, they only remembered what their Father taught
but could not clearly understand the energy of destruction.
Therefore, in their minds, dest ructive energy is something
foreign, and they are not yet aware of the dangers of that type
of energy. Then, the older children taught the younger

children what they learned from Father. They teach each
other and discuss together what Father has taught them.
As time passed, there were many older children. But to
him, they are only more prominent in thinking, while their
body structure is still insignificant and very weak. He realized
that the magical rocks could not help them mature and grow
faster than he was born and developed by the heat from the
energy of destruction. In addition, he found that the children's
reactions to absorb information and detonate annihilation
particles were absent. For that reason, their growth process
is a big challenge for him.
To help the children gain more understanding about
other life forms, especially the life form of destructive energy,
he took the older children to visit the space of the universe.
He believes that is the best way to help children acquire
accurate information from lectures about specific places and
spaces in the universe. The lectures on the energy of
destruction next to the area containing the energy of
destruction were the most exciting lectures they learned
because they also practised detonating individual particles of
energy of destruction with the help of Father. When learning
and practising the reaction of blasting individual particles of
destructive energy in areas containing annihilation energy, he
always carefully protected the children because they had
never approached and had any reaction to annihilation
energy in the past. That is entirely different from what he has
experienced since his yin and yang embryo was formed until
now. For the tuelinhs, the results of the practical lessons in
places near areas containing destructive energy excited some
children after detonating each particle of destructive energy.

The Journey of Achieving the Unified Tao of the Universe of God

Despite the pain as the necrotic particles attacked and
released excess heat, the children became excited when they
blasted destructive particles . However, some children need
more strength and confidence to detonate destructive
particles when attacked by them. They become painful and
frightened about the annihilation energy. Then, he gave them
many practical lessons to help the children detonate th e
particles of destruction. However, in addition to the children
who can blast each annihilation particle, the others cannot.
Children can demolish individual annihilation particles but do
not have enough power to detonate multiple annihilation
particles in the same reaction. That made the first tuelinh
more worried about his children. He realized that the
children's strength was so different from his own:
immediately after his yin and yang embryo was formed in
destructive energy, that yin and yang embryo created
countless reactions to detonate annihilation particles while
still being safe. From that extraordinary power, he became the
mature tuelinh he is today with a tremendous cosmic project
that he built.
While he was looking for solutions to help the tuelinhs
improve their power in detonating particles of destruction,
the children invited each other to move to the area with
destructive energy to perform the detonation of that type of
particle. The children went to those dangerous places without
Father's permission. Perhaps those who can successfully
detonate annihilation particles want to help those who have
not successfully fired to a place with annihilation energy to
practice. It's also good that they wan t to help each other, but
they need to realize the danger they face. Unfortunately, an

unfortunate consequence occurred when the children were
trying to absorb the destructive particles to detonate them.
Some children could not control the onslaught of annihilation
energy particles; Therefore, many destruction particles
entered their bodies and became painful. Seeing this, the
other children stepped forward to help, but large amounts of
destructive energy particles also attacked them. As a result,
many children disintegrated soon after. The few remaining
children, seeing this, became terrified as they witnessed their
brothers disintegrate into particles of destruction.
Immediately, the remaining survivors tried to move back with
injuries on their bodies.
When he heard the children tell about what had
happened to many of their brothers, the first tuelinh could not
hide his emotions. He suffered when many of his children
were decomposed and died. Perhaps this was the first time he
suffered, even though he ha d previously witnessed many
planets and physical structures being disintegrated by
destructive energy. However, his children are a particular
case because they have superior intelligence, they have
emotions, and they know how to absorb and follow what he
teaches them. Now, pain is present in his mind. He looked at
children who were hurting and helped them heal those
wounds. Without letting them explain, he told them, "I
understand what you have gone through; those are good
deeds when you want to help each o ther become more
mature. However, the destructive energy is not as simple as
you think. Please remember you cannot go to those places
without me accompanying you."

The Journey of Achieving the Unified Tao of the Universe of God

The trauma that the first tuelinh had to go through
while building the universe cannot be compared to the
trauma this time. The children he had cared for, taught, and
talked to for so long were no more. The other younger
children noticed the older children 's absence without
understanding what had happened. They became more
curious when they saw Father telling them not to move out of
this central planet without his permission.
For a long time afterwards, similar losses continued to
occur. The children were too curious and unaware of the
dangers of destructive energy, so they invited each other to
the areas where the annihilation energy had decayed. Those
significant losses becam e a massive challenge for the first
tuelinh. He became confused about finding a method to
prevent the tuelinhs from disintegrating and being destroyed
by the energy of destruction.
After a period of analyzing the movement of solar
systems in detonating destructive energy to promote their
development, he realized the following truths:
- Planets orbiting the solar system can attract
destructive energy in small quantities.
- The sun is hot enough to detonate destructive
particles.
- Planets orbiting the sun will attract destructive energy
when they do not receive heat from the sun. However, when
these planets receive heat from the sun, they will detonate
destructive energy. After that, the physical structures grew
more robust and more mature.

He continued to remember the process from when his
yin and yang embryo was formed until the incredible
explosion of the energy sphere occurred. He observed:
- His yin and yang energy embryo is unique because it
is made up of a positive energy particle with super strong
electric waves and a negative energy particle with very weak
electric waves.
- The negative energy particle of the original yin -yang
embryo has weak electric waves, so it does not provoke a
massive attack of destructive energy, and the original positive
energy particle always controls it. That makes the energy
embryo safe in the space of annihilation energy.
- The positive energy particle of the original yin -yang
embryo has super strong electric waves, so they have enough
power to detonate destructive energy particles that attack the
yin-yang embryo.
- The two original yin and yang energy particles were
formed from the ancestral wave-particles, so when they
joined together to form the yin and yang embryo, they created
an incredibly magical membrane. The covering membrane of
that yin and yang energy embryo has the power to protect the
embryo against attacks from destructive energy and is safe
when detonating them.
- That yin and yang embryo is miraculous from the
moment it is born. The embryo grew and matured quickly
when experiencing safe destructive energy detonation
reactions in the early stages. When mature, that energy
embryo becomes more robust and more miracu lous in
detonating annihilation energy.

The Journey of Achieving the Unified Tao of the Universe of God

- He saw that from when his yin and yang embryo was
formed until the big explosion occurred, he always faced and
operated destructive energy detonation reactions from the
scale of a few particles of destruction to the Big Bang . His
living environment is an endless space of annihilation energy.
That shows that he lived, survived, and developed in an
extremely harsh environment.
Then he thought about the tuelinh children and
realized:
- The energy particles that make up the yin and yang
embryos of the children are born from his energy embryo, so
their power is only equal to one unit of his information
reaction, while he has countless informational reactions. That
shows the massive difference in the value of the information
encoded inside the children compared to him.
- They are born and raised in an environment without
harshness. The children's environment is a place containing
the best energies in the universe and does not have the
presence of destructive energy.
- They do not have to face and have never practised
destructive energy detonation reactions when they are yin
and yang energy embryos.
- Children do not have the information to understand
the energy of destruction.
After analyzing and comparing the differences between
him and the children in terms of the environment in which
they were born and raised and in terms of their strength in
carrying out destructive energy detonation reactions, he
found that:

- His children were born and raised in a peaceful and
safe central planet environment. Their environment does not
have the same extreme pressure and compression as his.
- The quantity and quality of information stored in
children's yin and yang energy embryos is too little compared
to him. That created a power gap between him and his
children.
- He does not yet understand the nature of his yin and
yang energy embryo, even though he knows he possesses the
most potent and unique yin and yang embryo in the universe.
Because of this, he could not yet understand the nature of all
children's yin and y ang embryos. Children also cannot
understand the nature of their yin and yang embryos. Because
he did not understand his nature, he and the tuelinhs do not
understand the nature of each other, of all things in the
universe and the energy of destruction. Th at is not
understanding the three secrets.
In addition, in the process of building galaxies and life
in the universe, he noticed:
- The universe will run out of energy to operate the
existence and development of all life forms. It is the energy
depletion for maintaining the rotation and tight connection
within each planet and throughout the universe.
- Destructive energy will grow stronger and will
disintegrate the entire universe in the future if the universe
does not have enough energy to ensure the process of rotation
and connection.
- Three groups of energy are simple energy, complex
energy and super complex energy, tuelinh life forms that do

The Journey of Achieving the Unified Tao of the Universe of God

not have enough strength to protect and develop the universe
against the attack of destructive energy in the future. That
shows the universe needs more special energy particles than
those formed before the Big Bang.
So, although there are two challenges, it is one big
challenge. It is a great challenge to save all life forms,
including the tuelinh life forms.
After losing all three groups of matter, the tuelinh
children, the complex matter group, and the planets due to the
decay of destructive energy and consumption during
movement, he made a significant decision after the research,
prediction, and analysis. He decided to create a practice
environment for the tuelinh life form. That practice
environment is an excellent school for all tuelinhs and souls.
Through that school, the tuelinhs and souls will have to
understand themselves thoroughly, understand other
tuelinhs and souls, understand all things in the universe, and
understand the energy of destruction. Then, they must seek
and practice the most optimal method to help them grow.
Finally, they must produce particular types of energy that
have the power to protect themselves and the entire universe
from the attack of destructive energy. Thus, the tuelinhs have
a great mission to save themselves and the universe.
To help the life forms of the tuelinhs and souls have an
ideal environment to learn and complete their mission, the
first tuelinh decided to build a medium as follows:
- That school must be a completely different planet
from the central planet. That place does not have the magic
and peace of life forms and magical energies like the central
planet. That place will be a place of nothing but suffering with

extreme pressure and compression. However, that place
ensures that the tuelinhs and souls can live.
- That environment must be highly harsh because of
natural disasters and diseases.
- The tuelinhs will have to live in a simple physical form,
that of a human being. People will not be able to fly and move
in space because the gravitational force of that planet will
govern that place.
- Souls are complex energy structures that reside in
animal bodies. They will experience the learning environment
before humans appear. That was the plan for him to
understand and build practice scenarios for the tuelinh life
form afterwards.
- The tuelinhs will have to incarnate in human form and
go through many lifetimes of practice to complete the tasks of
each tuelinh.
- That environment is equal. It means that after the
souls are upgraded in information to become the tuelinhs,
they will be reincarnated as humans to practice with other
tuelinhs.
After deciding to create an environment to help
tuelinhs learn and find the most effective method to grow and
produce unique types of energy particles, he made a planet to
serve as a school for souls and the tuelinhs life forms. That
planet is Earth.
As you know, after he achieved success in the stages of
testing on plants and animals in finding a mechanism to help
souls mature, he decided to bring the tuelinhs to incarnate as
people. At that time, in heaven, he organized a conference to

The Journey of Achieving the Unified Tao of the Universe of God

unify the practice path of the tuelinh life form, and then a
meeting to gather humanity on Earth took place.
Did you know? After the tuelinhs incarnated as
practitioners in the human world, the first tuelinh also
incarnated to practice in many human lives. He incarnated as
a human to lead the tuelinhs to practice in the human world
and to find a method to produce unique energy particles from
his energy embryo.
And you already know that. After many lifetimes of
practice in the human world, the first tuelinh understood the
three secrets that all tuelinhs are searching for, found a
mechanism to help the tuelinhs grow, especially found a
method and successfully tran sformed his yin and yang
embryo into a dual energy filter. Then, super-energy particles
were produced in vast quantities from his yin and yang
embryo.
Thus, with a great decision made by the first tuelinh
and his dedication, the universe was not destroyed by the
massive attack of destructive energy. As a result, he found a
mechanism to help the tuelinhs mature and transform their
yin and yang embryos int o energy filters to produce super
energy particles.”
A student said to the Teacher after the lecture ended,
“Teacher, through this lecture, I understand the sacrifices of
the first tuelinh and what he had for the tuelinhs and the
whole universe. In particular, I feel his suffering when he has
to go through huge losses when his children are disintegrated
by destructive energy. However, when I see his great
achievements and the changes in the universe, I feel his joy
and happiness and that of all things in the universe.”