The Journey of Achieving the Unified Tao of the Universe of God

Chapter Fifty-Five

The Journey of Achieving the Unified Tao
of the Universe of God

It was the first spring after the teacher had transformed
the yin and yang energy embryo into a dual energy filter.
Although it has turned to spring with frequent rains, the
weather is freezing, and the cold is more numbing than
winter. Since transforming the original yin and yang embryo
into a dual filter, he has often returned to heaven to teach
tuelinhs whenever night falls. Those are lectures on energy
particles to help the tuelinhs practising in the human world
return to study alongside children in hea ven. Tonight , too,
after the master's body fell into a deep sleep, the tuelinh left
the body to return to the central planet. However, unlike the
previous times he returned to teach, he went into his own
working space this time.
When the door of his working space was opened by one
messenger, he took each step gently and slowly. Iridescent
golden super -energy particles were floating, radiating
sparkling light as if they were talking to the teacher. In front
of the teacher is a pyra mid made of the most magical

gemstone in the universe; it also has golden light radiating
every beat like a human heart. It seemed like it was waiting
for the teacher to return to do something, so it seemed to
cheer when it saw the teacher come in. When the teacher
arrived at the pyra mid, inside appeared a system of shiny
yellow string connection links between the planets connected
to the central planet. Bright yellow lights flashing in each link
of the entire wire connection system show the stability of
information waves in the universe. After that, the image of the
cosmic sphere was zoomed out, and lapis lazuli blue light
radiated intermingled with brilliant yellow light. Inside the
pyramid appeared and showed that the outside of the cosmic
sphere was covered with negative energy -super particles,
which were blue like lapis lazuli. They are on duty: protecting
the universe, transforming the particles of destruction into
particles of fire when the particles of destruction attack,
especially creating maximum vibrations and gaps to bring i n
destructive energy from outside in large quantities, then
closing to protect the universe. The most magical super -
energy particle in the universe was born after the teacher
transformed the yin and yang embryo into a dual energy filter.
The return of his tuelinh to heaven tonight not only
helps the body's mind know about the changes in the universe
after the yin and yang embryo has been transformed. The
master's tuelinh may want the body's brain to receive more
information and use it for the journey of helping the tuelinhs
practice the method of yin and yang embryo transformation.
Through the times the teacher's tuelinh returned to heaven to
teach and past lives, the mind of the body received the whole
wisdom of the tuelinh. In addition, t he unification between

The Journey of Achieving the Unified Tao of the Universe of God

body, mind and tuelinh has helped him upgrade his
enlightened knowledge to reach new heights and transform
the energy embryo into an energy filter. That's why he once
told his students, "My life has two scenes: day and night. It is
an extraordinary scene a t night when the tuelinh in me
returns to past lives and to heaven to work and teach. When
my mind follows the tuelinh, I see that my insides completely
differ from my thoughts and actions. Dignity and severity are
shown towards all tuelinhs in heaven. Tha t's why I received
all the information and enlightened wisdom from my tuelinh."
The master's tuelinh placed his right hand on the
pyramid and re-enacted the congresses, unifying the practice
path of the tuelinh life form and the gathering of humanity
inside. The images are reproduced like a fast -paced movie.
Then, there is the scene of Nalas Nalanda sitting with his five
eldest children in the very space containing this pyramid. He
told them, "My children, I know you are tuelinhs far more
powerful than all other tuelinhs. Therefore, I need you to
incarnate as humans to lead and teach the first humans in the
human world. I want you to experience many lifetimes of
practice in the early stages of the practice journey of the
tuelinhs in the human world. When you become human, I will
guide you to build humanity according to my plan. In addition,
when you are humans, I will build an information operating
system for each tuelinh in a human life, which is the cause and
effect tree system of the tuelinhs on their practice journey.
Then, when you have completed your first lives of practice, I
will assign you the task of operating that system, and you will
become my messengers. When you operate the system well, I
will directly incarnate to practice with the tuelinhs as a

human. You will take turns reincarnating as humans so that
your practice journey is not interrupted and the performance
of your duties is always guaranteed. I will incarnate as a
human at appropriate and important times."
Then Nalas Nalanda said to the five tuelinhs, "Do you
know? People's practice environment is nothing but suffering,
and suffering is always present in the four forms of life that I
create for them. That environment will help my tuelinhs live
in a chain of interactive reactions with all energy groups
carrying negative, positive and neutral electrical waves. In
particular, destructive energy will participate in every
interactive reaction process in life . I will use the destructive
energy from the area contain ing the nearby destructive
energy and strictly control it to ensure human safety. Thus,
the practice environment of the tuelinhs on earth will help
them gradually understand themselves, each other, all things
and the energy of destruction. In particular, t hey will
gradually practice the reactions of detonating destructive
energy through suffering and calamities. Hey, my kids! With
what you have shown when detonating destructive energy
particles and having matured faster than other tuelinhs, I
believe you wi ll easily achieve achievements when you
incarnate as humans to practice."
Next, Nalas Nalanda controlled the pyramid to recreate
the essential lives he practised in the human world. The
images reproduced in the pyramid are transmitted from
within his yin and yang energy embryo. The pictures of each
human life appeared one after another, and he explained
them:

The Journey of Achieving the Unified Tao of the Universe of God

"This is the image of my first human life. At that time, I
was a young man born into a tribe in the forest. I had a happy
life with the people of my tribe from childhood until
adulthood. When I was an adult, one time, when I and my tribe
members were bathing in a stream, people from another tribe
attacked and killed us with large stones. They surrounded us
and kept throwing stones to kill us. Everyone tried to run in
the panic, and I was lucky to escape. However, after that, I
lived solitary in the deep for est until I was old with a small
black body. Then, the children of the tribe found me and
brought me home. After this human life, I understand that
inside humans are tuelinhs that cannot control themselves.
They became cruel and brutal when killing people of other
tribes to compete for each other's territory and territory.
When people commit acts of killing, their negative energy
particle system vibrates powerfully and causes many
destructive particles to enter their tuelinh. That makes them
more out of control. As a result of their cruel actions, negative
energy particles were produced in their tuelinh and positive
energy particles were not produced. Besides, even though our
act of not killing them does not produce positive energy
particles, no harmful energy particles are produced. Thus, this
human life has helped me understand a lot about my children
and the reactions between energy groups in them.
That is the human life in which I was a soldier in a war
between countries. Even though I was a soldier, I tried not to
kill anyone in every battle. Instead, I always tried to help my
nation's soldiers when they were injured. During a struggle, I
was stabbed by a sword from a soldier on the other side of the
battle line. When he discovered that I was in a critical

condition, one of my teammates took me across the river and
saved me from death. This human life gave me a better
understanding of my tuelinh children when they become
humans. The toxins in their yin and yang embryos broke out
and caused them to create wars and kill each other on a large
scale between countries. Those who made wars, invaded, and
committed murder all produce harmful energy particles.
Producing those negative energy particles involved the
intrusion of destructive energy particles to control t heir
minds. However, my teammate's action to save me helped the
soul inside that person produce positive energy particles after
detonating the destructive energy.
These are the lives in which I was a trader. Images of
workers who stole property and deceived me. Images of hard-
working and dedicated workers at work. Images of other
business people when they harmed people and workers for
their benefit. As a businessman, I always helped workers and
sold goods that brought value to the people. As a result of
those human lives, I have learned more about the nature of
the tuelinhs when they live in other forms of life. People who
steal and cheat at work produce harmful ener gy particles.
Merchants who sell goods that are harmful to humans also
have negative energy particles. On the contrary, hard -
working and dedicated workers and business people did not
affect people's health and lives; they produced positive
energy particles . People who created harmful energy
particles were penetrated and damaged by destructive
energy particles in their souls.
These are the lives in which I was a teacher. I have
devoted my entire life to teaching knowledge to generations

The Journey of Achieving the Unified Tao of the Universe of God

of my students. Some students listened and became talented
people who helped the country. On the contrary, some
students were jealous of each other and did not listen to
advice, so they did not have success in life. These human lives
helped me understand m ore about the tuelinhs when
incarnated as humans. Their toxins continued to be revealed
in the form of teachers -students and fellow students. S ome
students were jealous and disobedient and then committed
acts that were harmful to society, their tuelinhs were attacked
by destructive energy, and they produced many harmful
energy particles. On the contrary, my dedication to spreading
knowledge to students and obedient students to become good
people, the tuelinh has made positive energy particles after
detonating destructive energy particles attack.
These are the lives in which I became a stay -at-home
mother when my husband passed away early, and I became a
stay-at-home father when my wife passed away early. I did
not take another wife or husband to spend time raising my
children to adulthood. Other people are in the same situation
as me; they have taken another spouse because they could not
accept a lonely life. After such human lives, I understood more
about the tuelinhs when living in such circumstances. When
spouses pass away, they are left alone t o raise their children
and spend time helping others. In that case, the tuelinh inside
will produce many positive energy particles because they
have detonated the destructive particles. On the contrary, if
they seek satisfaction in their new husband and wi fe, the
poison of greed in the tuelinhs breaks out, and the energy of
destruction enters. As a result, they produce many harmful
energy particles.

Next are the other lives I have experienced. Those are
human lives with complete scenarios that I have interacted
with in the forms of the Tao. As a result, after those lives, I
have understood that:
- If people have negative thoughts and actions that hurt
everyone and everything, destructive energy will attack and
control their minds. As a result, the inner tuelinh encodes
incorrect information, and after the negative actions of the
body, harmful energy particles are produced.
- If people have positive thoughts and actions that
benefit everyone and everything, the absorbed destructive
energy will be detonated. As a result, the tuelinh inside
encodes accurate information, and after the positive actions
of the body, positive energy particles are produced.
That is the human life in which I was a king. As a king, I
have built and developed the nation into a powerful country
with a prosperous life for its people. In this human life, when
I was still a crown prince, I saved the lives of my father and
mother in a coup by traitors. After I became king, there were
still traitors by my side, and they continued to seize benefits
and power for themselves. However, under my rule, the
traitors were imprisoned, and I did not kill them. Besides,
there were always talented people by my side to help me
develop the nation to become strong and bring a prosperous
life to the people. In this human life, I did not let the country
fall into a state of war even though I possess a powerful army
and a prosperous economy. As a result of this human life, I
have produced countless positive energy particles. Talented
people and officials have also made many positive energy
particles to benefit the people and the country. However,

The Journey of Achieving the Unified Tao of the Universe of God

those who were dishonest plotted to assassinate the king and
took advantage of power for personal gain, causing the
tuelinhs within them to produce many harmful energy
particles. When completing this human life, I understood how
to create positive and harm ful energy particles of each
tuelinh.
That is the life that I continued to be a crown prince.
However, I left my throne to seek enlightenment instead of
becoming a king. I then achieved enlightenment and
transformed the yin and yang energy embryo into a single
energy filter. With my attainment of a single energy filter, I
have produced a shiny golden super -energy particle. In that
human life, when I achieved enlightenment, I had many
disciples, including my wife and child, in the human world. I
have spent my entire life spreading enlightened knowledge to
many places in the human world. However, among my
students, there have been many students who developed
extreme levels of toxins in their yin and yang embryos, so they
became people who lost control. They have assassinated me
and other students many times. Although my assassination
failed, many of my other students did not survive. Besides,
many excellent students have devoted their lives to spreading
knowledge worldwide. Through this human life, I have
understood everything about myself, the tue linhs, and
everything in the universe. However, I still had two issues I
did not completely understand, so I could not yet transform
the yin and yang embryo into a dual energy filter. I did not
fully understand the information values in the smallest
energy particles, so I did not understand that physical
structures will change when they move through different

environments. I did not fully understand the destructive
energy. Although I had not completely understood the three
secrets all the tuelinhs were searching for and had yet to
transform the yin and yang energy embryo into a dual filter, I
have had great success. That is to produce shiny golden super-
energy particles and create knowledge of two truths with a
theoretical system to help students practice and make
countless positive energy particles. At the end of that human
life, I understood that the most comm only released toxins of
the tuelinhs are interaction scenarios in love and affection;
the deepest and most challenging to eliminate is the toxicity
in the interaction of the teacher-student relationship.
That is my current human life that is taking place.
Familiar images that the brain has experienced since
childhood until now. After those painful experiences and
tribulations, I transformed the yin and yang embryo into a
dual energy filter. Now, from my yi n and yang embryo, lapis
lazuli blue energy superparticles and several other
superparticles are produced. In this human life, I have
thoroughly understood myself, the tuelinhs, all things in the
universe, and the energy of destruction. That thorough
understanding is because I have understood the secrets of the
information values encoded in the energy particle's
intellectual wave code through the environment and the
operating mechanisms of the smallest energy particle and all
life forms in and outside the universe.
In all the human lives I have incarnated to practice, I
have always had a group plotting to harm, pursue, and
destroy my knowledge. That is my plan to help us thoroughly
understand myself and other tuelinhs, understand everything

The Journey of Achieving the Unified Tao of the Universe of God

in the universe and the energy of destruction. As a result, I
succeeded with the help of the tuelinhs who were always by
my side and the tuelinhs in negative human forms.
Remember, all the interactive scenarios in the four
forms of Tao in the human world have helped me understand
the nature of information in the energy particles of all life
forms in and outside the universe. Also, I found a sustainable
transformation mechanism from the four forms of the Tao,
and I transformed my yin and yang energy embryos into a
dual energy filter to produce super-energy particles. Thus, the
unified Tao of the universe is formed from four forms of the
Tao after transforming the yin and yang embryo into a dual
energy filter.”
When the image in the pyramid appeared of the
sleeping body of Nalas Nalanda, and he was using the pyramid
to look back on his practice journey and achievements in his
past life, he stopped and went out. After chatting with a
messenger outside his private workspace, he returned to his
physical form. When he returned to his physical form, he was
awake even though it was still not light outside. After that, the
teacher made a cup of hot tea and sat down to drink it to
analyze the information that the tuelinh had transmitted to
his brain during sleep.
The teacher reflected on the journey that the tuelinh
had gone through in many lifetimes of practice in the human
world through the images recreated in his pyramid. There are
many lives in there that the teacher knew about many years
ago and many lives that he has not known. For many years, he
has taught his students about the four forms of Tao with
scenarios that practitioners in the human world must be able

to do and are not allowed to violate. Especially after his
current achievements, his enlightened knowledge has
reached its ultimate peak when combining the understanding
of the two truths with the knowledge of the smallest energy
particle to help all tueli nhs through the four forms of Tao to
attain the unified Tao of the universe. From now on, the four
forms of Tao will be widely spread in the human world for all
humanity to learn and practice to help the inner tuelinh
mature and transform the yin and yang energy embryo into a
dual energy filter. That is nirvana and the immortality of
tuelinhs when they achieve the unified Tao of the universe.