Chapter Fifty-Six

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in
Ideology

Each time Nalas Nalanda incarnated as a human, he
often returned to heaven to teach children and other tuelinhs
while his body was in a deep sleep. In this human life, too,
since the teacher regained the wisdom from the tuelinh and
transformed the knowledg e of enlightenment to become
more wonderful, he often returned to preach to the tuelinhs.
Sometimes, the lectures are only for children so they can be
equipped with knowledge before incarnating as humans, and
sometimes, they are lectures for tuelinhs incar nating in the
human world. His lectures are diverse and depend on his
achievements in his practice journey in the human world.
For the past few months, the teacher has not given any
lectures in heaven to the tuelinhs. Perhaps because he was
busy teaching the body, soul and wisdom therapy class, he
focused on that teaching. In addition, the past time has also
been a critical time for him to upgrade his knowledge after his
pilgrimage to India. As a result, the teacher taught new
knowledge to his students. That is the in -depth knowledge

about energy particles and the secret information in the
intellectual wave code of all energy particles.
On weekdays, he often works at the office all day and
comes home late at night. However, when he received a signal
from the tuelinh to return to heaven to teach the children this
afternoon, he returned home earlier than usual. That means
he needs more time for his body to fall asleep. At that time, his
tuelinh will have plenty of time for his sermon on the central
planet. Finally, he fell asleep early after his children had gone
to bed. When the teacher fell asleep, the tuelinh returned to
heaven and sat in his temple.
After receiving notice of the teacher's return to preach
to the children in heaven, they quickly gathered in the temple.
They filled almost every seat in the temple, numbering up to
several thousand tuelinhs. After the children's stories, they
became quiet and waited for the teacher to lecture.
The teacher said, "I haven't returned to preach to you
for a long time. That's because recently, I have had to focus on
transforming the knowledge of energy particles combined
with understanding the two truths to form a special
enlightened knowledge. That enlightened knowledge has
been taught to my students in the human world. It is a
knowledge system of two truths associated with energy
particles, and the pinnacle of knowledge is the information
values inside the particles and their operating mechanism.
The quintessence and secrets in the smallest particles of
energy of all things, of tuelinhs, and of destruction energy
have been decoded by me, and it is being vigorously spread in
the human world by the excellent tuelinhs practising in
human form.

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Ideology

Hey kids! As usual, I always return often to teach you
when I incarnate as a human. I always teach you basic
knowledge about the path of practice in the human world,
knowledge about energy particles and the nature of all things
in the universe. That knowle dge will help you have valuable
information when you incarnate as a human to face suffering
and tribulations. It will help you easily overcome challenges
and quickly achieve achievements on your practice path.
Every time I incarnate as a human and attain achievements, I
teach that knowledge to the human world and the tuelinhs on
this central planet.
Hey, my kids! In this human incarnation, I have
successfully transformed my yin and yang energy embryo
into a dual energy filter. With that achievement, I have
completed the mission of creating more kinds of energy
superparticles to help the universe survive and develop
sustainably. In particular, I have transformed my
achievements and those of the tuelinhs practising in the
human world into a unique system of enlightened knowledge.
That knowledge system has transcendent power to help all
tuelinhs understand the three secrets we have been searching
for. It enables the tuelinhs to practice producing sustainable
energy particles easily and ultimately transform yin and yang
energy embryos into energy filters. As you learn and practice
successful transformation, you will have the power to absorb,
control and detonate destructive energy. Not only that, you
can move inside the space of the annihilation energy without
being harmed. To achieve that achievement, you must
reincarnate in the human world. There will be n o exceptions
for successfully transforming yin and yang embryos into

energy filters without incarnating as a human to practice. You
must understand that even if I preach all that special
enlightened knowledge, you cannot mature and have an
energy filter without incarnating as a human for many
lifetimes. You must understand that practising reactions to
the energy of destruction in the interaction of energy groups
in the four forms of Tao in the human world is a miracle. It
helps your yin and yang embryos fully reveal their inner
nature into external manifestations. It is the process of
purifying and removing toxins and re -encoding accurate
information. The next is to practice the mechanism of
sustainable energy particle production. Special enlightened
knowledge will help you accelerate your achievement in the
beautiful practice environment in the human world. It would
help if you remembered that maturity and attain ing the
unified Tao of the universe must be associated with
increasing the encoding of actual information values for
sustainable development. That valuable informatio n will be
transformed into intellectual wave codes and magical energy
particles to form the body of each tuelinh. Hey, my children!
When you practice producing energy particles according to
my special enlightened knowledge through the four forms of
Tao in the human world, you will quickly mature and achieve
an energy filter faster than living on this magical planet.
Therefore, you must always keep your desire, joy, and
happiness for being human in any suffering and tribulations
in the human world you have t o face. The knowledge I teach
you will help you have the strength to overcome significant
challenges in the human body.

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Ideology

Hey, my kids! When you have not yet transformed into
a human, you all realize you are great tuelinhs; all tuelinhs are
holy. However, when you incarnate as a human, you know
that many people commit ignorant and cruel actions. Many
people are great and more wonderful than holy. Do you know
why? When you are a tuelinh and live on this beautiful planet,
you are not under the pressure and compression of reactions
by destructive energy and other types of energy; any material
thing does not control you. Therefore , you are peaceful and
holy. Of course, you will be subjected to suffering and decay
by the energy of destruction if you move into the space of
them. However, when incarnated as a human in the human
world, each tuelinh must live in a simple body and be
attracted to simple materials and forms in life. The extreme
pressure and compression gradually caused the tuelinhs to
reveal the informational nature of the yin and yang embryo.
In the revealed nature, there are toxins and good elements.
These toxins manifes t as ignorant wisdom and ignorant
actions. Good factors manifest as enlightened wisdom and
enlightened actions. Ignorance is a lack of information, is
unholy and is cruel. On the contrary, enlightenment is the
fullness of accurate data, holiness, and actio ns that help
everyone and everything. Do you know? Through an
environment of extreme pressure and compression, the
essence of all tuelinhs was revealed. From there, it shows the
differentiation and diversity of the intellectual nature of the
tuelinhs and h umans. However, you can only know that by
going through the process of practice for many lifetimes in the
human world of all tuelinhs. Of course, I c ould not know that
if I d id not create a practice environment. But now I have

thoroughly understood all the truths of all things in and
outside the universe, of myself and other tuelinhs, and of the
destructive energy after a long period of observation and
analysis. The result of that understanding is that I have
attained the unifie d Tao of the universe and have built a
system of enlightened knowledge to help other tuelinhs do
what I have done.
Hey, my children! In today's lecture, I will teach you
about the different intellectual natures of the tuelinhs and
humans through the original yin and yang energy embryo
within. That means that each kind of varying yin and yang
energy embryo will create d ifferent intellectual
characteristics when each tuelinh incarnates as a human
being in the human world. Do you know what value
understanding this knowledge will bring to you? – That's
right. It brings great value and promotes the cognitive process
to chang e your behaviour when living in human form.
Therefore, understanding the nature of each energy embryo
in the tuelinh that will expose when you become a human will
help you be conscious and determined to transform them.
Besides, when people in the human wor ld learn this
knowledge, they will understand the intellectual nature of the
original yin and yang embryo and the wisdom of the tuelinhs
within themselves and others. For those of you who have not
yet transformed into humans, you will use the yin and yang
embryos of each tuelinh to understand the later
manifestations when incarnated as humans. It is about
understanding nature to know its manifestations. On the
contrary, through each other's expressions, humans will
understand the intellectual nature of their own and others. It

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Ideology

is through knowing the manifestations t hat one understands
the essence.
First, I will tell you about the nature of information
within the groups of energy particles that make up the yin and
yang embryo. You must understand that the smallest energy
particles form the yin and yang embryo, and then the process
of becoming tuelinhs are energy particles with super-complex
intelligence wave codes. Only super -complex particles can
create and become the tuelinhs. Through the intellectual
nature of each type of particle constituting the soul, you can
understand the wisdom of all particl es forming simple and
complex matter in the universe. From the three smallest
groups of energy particles with negative, positive and neutral
electric waves, I divide them into eight groups of energy
particles with different information value properties. It
includes a group of negative energy particles with super
strong electric waves, a group of negative energy particles
with very strong electric waves, a group of negative energy
particles with strong electric waves, a group of negative
energy particles with weak electric waves, a group of positive
energy particles with weak electric waves, a group of positive
energy particles with strong electric waves, a group of
positive energy particles with very strong electric waves, and
a group of positive energy particles with super strong electric
waves. Each group of energy particles will have different
internal information characteristics, and when they bond
together to form yin and yang embryos, they will create a new
information nature. Therefore, before teaching you to
understand the intellectual nature of each yin and yang

energy embryo, you must understand the nature of the
individual information of each group of particles.
The nature of the information encoded within the
intellectual wave code of each group of the smallest energy
particles is:
1 - Group of negative energy particles with super strong
electric waves:
This group of energy particles has the following
characteristics:
+ The energy state inside the particle is blood red.
+ The amount of information encoded in the intellectual
wave code fibre is lacking and most distorted compared to the
accurate information of the reaction process that created it.
+ The negative heat and toxins in the wisdom wave
code fibre are the strongest compared to other groups of
negative energy particles.
+ The vibration speed of this group of negative particles
is super fast, accelerating the process of destructive particles
catching the signal and attacking it in huge numbers.
+ The destruction of the material structure of this group
of negative energy particles is at its maximum compared to
other groups of negative energy particles. The cause is due to
too many toxins and super fast vibration speed. That leads to
it losing control in absorbing heat and information from the
outside environment. As a result, destructive energy quickly
moves to discharge excess heat and destroy the physical
structure containing this super strong negativ e energy
particle.

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Ideology

+ The characteristic of this group of particles is to
spread ignorant values and actions that damage everything
on an enormous scale.
2 - Group of negative energy particles with very strong
electric waves:
This group of particles has the following
characteristics:
+ The energy state inside the particle is black.
+ The amount of information encoded in the intellectual
wave code fibre is less lacking and erroneous than in the
group of blood-red particles.
+ The negative heat and toxins in the wisdom wave
code fibre are weaker than the blood -red energy particle
group.
+ The vibration speed of this group of negative particles
is very fast, accelerating the process of destructive particles
catching the signal and attacking it in large numbers.
+ The destruction of material structure by this group of
negative energy particles is weaker than that of blood -red
energy particles. The cause is many toxins, and the vibration
speed is very fast. That leads to it losing control in absorbing
heat and information from the outside environment. As a
result, destructive energy quickly moves to discharge excess
heat and destroy the physical structure containing this very
strong negative energy particle.
+ The characteristic of this group of particles is that
ignorant actions cause damage to all things on a large scale.

3 - Group of negative energy particles with strong electric
waves:
This group of particles has the following
characteristics:
+ The energy state inside the particle is grey.
+ The amount of information encoded in the intellectual
wave code fibre is less lacking and erroneous than in the black
particle group.
+ The negative heat and toxins in the wisdom wave
code fibre are weaker than the black energy particle group.
+ The vibration speed of this group of negative particles
is fast, accelerating the process of destructive particles
catching the signal and attacking it in large numbers.
+ The destruction of material structure by this group of
negative energy particles is weaker than that of the group of
black energy particles. The cause is due to many toxins and
fast vibration speed. That leads to it losing control in
absorbing heat and information from the outside
environment. As a result, destructive energy quickly moves to
discharge excess heat and destroy the physical structure
containing this strong negative energy particle.
+ The characteristics of this group of particles are that
they have ignorant thoughts and actions that harm everything
on a small and medium scale.
4 - Group of negative energy particles with weak electric
waves:
This group of particles has the following
characteristics:
+ The energy state inside the particle is grey-white.

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Ideology

+ The amount of information encoded in the intellectual
wave code fibre was lacking and distorted the least compared
to other groups of negative energy particles.
+ The negative heat and toxins in the wisdom wave
code fibre are few and least compared to other groups of
negative energy particles.
+ The vibration speed of this group of negative particles
is weak, so it minimizes and does not agitate the signal for
destructive energy to attack its structure.
+ The destruction of the material structure by this
group of negative energy particles is very weak. The reason is
that the toxins are very few, and the vibration speed is weak.
That leads to it not losing control in absorbing heat and
information from the outside environment. As a result, the
destructive energy has difficulty detecting the signal and
moving into the structure containing this type of negative
energy particle.
+ The characteristics of this group of particles are
neutral and balanced. It promotes solidarity to spread
sustainable development values to all things when it connects
with different groups of positive energy particles.
5 - Group of positive energy particles with weak electric
waves:
This group of particles has the following
characteristics:
+ The energy state inside the particle is ivory-white.
+ The amount of information encoded in the intellectual
wave code is accurate but not much and incomplete.

+ Positive heat and good elements in the wisdom wave
code fibre are few and least compared to other groups of
positive energy particles.
+ The vibration speed of this group of positive particles
is weak, so it has no power to protect itself and detonate
destructive energy particles when it is attacked.
+ The ability of this group of positive energy particles
to develop physical structure is weak. The reason is that the
good elements are very few, and the vibration speed is weak.
That leads to it not having the power to control the process of
absorbing he at and information from the outside
environment. As a result, destructive energy easily attacks
and destroys the physical structure of this group of positive
energy particles.
+ The characteristics of this group of particles are
neutral and balanced. It depends on the control of groups of
negative energy particles.
6 - Group of positive energy particles with strong electric
waves:
This group of particles has the following
characteristics:
+ The energy state inside the particle is green.
+ The amount of information encoded in the intellectual
wave code is accurate and abundant but incomplete.
+ The positive heat and good elements in the wisdom
wave code are more numerous than the ivory -white positive
energy particles group.
+ The vibration speed of this group of positive particles
is fast, so it has the power to protect itself and detonate

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Ideology

destructive energy particles in small quantities when it is
attacked.
+ The ability to develop the material structure of this
group of positive energy particles is strong. The cause is due
to many good elements and fast vibration speed. That leads to
it having the power to control the process of absorbing heat
and information from the outside environment. As a result,
this type of energy can detonate destructive energy and
develop its structure if not controlled and hindered by groups
of negative energy particles with strong electrical waves or
more.
+ The characteristics of this group of particles have the
power to develop sustainable values for all things.
7 - A group of positive energy particles with very strong
electric waves:
This group of particles has the following
characteristics:
+ The energy state inside the particle is fire-red.
+ The amount of information encoded in the intellectual
wave code is accurate and numerous but incomplete.
+ The positive heat and good elements in the wisdom
wave code are many and more numerous than the green
positive energy particles group.
+ The vibration speed of this group of positive particles
is very fast. Therefore, it has the power to protect itself and
detonate destructive energy particles in large quantities
when it is attacked.
+ The ability of this group of positive energy particles
to develop material structure is very strong. The reason is that

there are many good elements, and the vibration speed is very
fast. That leads to it having the power to control the process
of absorbing heat and information from the outside
environment. As a result, this type of energy can detonate
destructive energy and develop its structure very strongly if
not controlled and hindered by groups of negative energy
particles with stronger electric waves or more.
+ The characteristic of this group of particles is to
spread values of sustainable development to all things.
8 - A group of positive energy particles with super strong
electric waves:
This group of particles has the following
characteristics:
+ The energy state inside the particle is yellow.
+ The amount of information encoded in the intellectual
wave code fibre is accurate and complete.
+ Positive heat and good elements in the wisdom wave
code are abundant and the most numerous compared to other
groups of positive energy particles.
+ The vibration speed of this group of positive particles
is super fast, so it has the power to protect itself and detonate
destructive energy particles in large quantities when it is
attacked.
+ The ability to develop the material structure of this
group of positive energy particles is super strong. The reason
is that there are too many good elements, and the vibration
speed is super fast. That leads to it having the power to
control the process of absorbing heat and information from
the outside environment. As a result, this type of energy

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Ideology

particle can detonate destructive energy and develop its
structure at a super strong level if not controlled and
hindered by groups of negative energy particles with stronger
electric waves or more.
+ The characteristic of this group of particles is
solidarity to spread the values of sustainable development to
all things.
Hey, my children! The information within each group of
energy particles is its nature. It does not represent the
intelligence of each yin and yang energy embryo after the yin
and yang particles bond together. However, having a general
intellectual nature r equires a process of struggle and
information reaction of the two energy particles in each yin
and yang embryo. Fortunately, the practice process of the
tuelinhs in the human world has helped me observe and
quantify the general intellectual nature of the y in and yang
energy embryos of the tuelinh life form through the four
forms of Tao. You must know that to conclude the intelligence
of each tuelinh formed from the yin and yang energy embryos,
all tuelinhs have had to undergo many lifetimes of practice in
the human world through all the interactive scenarios in the
four forms of Tao.
After you have understood the secrets of information in
each group of different energy particles, you will begin to
explore the wisdom of the tuelinhs and humans through each
type of yin and yang energy embryos formed from other
positive and negative energy particles.
First, I discuss the ignorant wisdom in the ideology of
the tuelinhs and humans . Do you understand what the
ignorant wisdom of the tuelinhs and humans is? - Humans and

the tuelinhs do not have enough ability and capacity to
perceive the truth, right and wrong, the value of development
or the value of destroying all things, events, and phenomena
in and outside the universe. Understood in another way, the
process of inform ation reaction between the internal
information of the yin and yang embryo in the tuelinhs and
humans with external information produces new cognitive
results. That new awareness does not have enough power to
understand the truth, right and wrong, the valu e of
development or the value of destroying all things, events, and
phenomena in and outside the universe. From there, people
and the tuelinhs will cling to their false perceptions and lack
of information.
Next, do you know what the ignorant wisdom in
ideology is? – Those are thoughts, ideas and ideologies of the
nature of ignorant wisdom. It can be expressed through
words, and it can also be actions that cause minor and
medium-scale harm to people, society and everything.
Hey, my kids! I tell you that four groups of yin and yang
energy embryos form the nature of the wisdom of ignorance
in the ideology of the tuelinhs and humans. It includes 1 - a
yin-yang embryo formed from a grey negative particle with
strong electric wave s and an ivory -white positive particle
with weak electric waves; 2 - a yin-yang embryo formed from
the grey negative particle with strong electric waves and a
green positive particle with strong electric waves; 3 - a yin-
yang embryo is formed from the grey negative particles with
strong electric waves and a fire-red positive particle with very
strong electric waves; and 4 - the yin-yang embryo is formed
from the grey negative particle with strong electric waves and

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Ideology

a yellow positive particle with super strong electric waves.
Thus, all four groups of yin and yang embryos that make up
the wisdom of ignorance in the ideology of the tuelinhs and
humans have a common feature: the negative energy particle
with strong elect ric waves. Because this strong negative
energy particle combines with different groups of positive
energy particles, the nature of the ignorant wisdom of each
type of yin and yang embryo is also different. As follows:
1 - Talking about yin and yang energy embryos formed
from the grey negative particle with strong electric waves and
the ivory-white positive particle with weak electric waves.
As you know, the information in positive energy
particles contains very little good value, little heat, and
accurate data, but it is too little and incomplete. In addition, it
does not have the characteristics of uniting, spreading, and
developing sustainable values. While information about
harmful energy particles is lacking and false, they contain
many toxins and have properties that dest roy sustainable
development. Therefore, when these two yin and yang energy
particles join together to form a yin and yang energy embryo,
the positive energy particle is dominated and controlled by
the negative energy particle; this means that the information
of the positive energy particle is not strong enough to handle
the absorption of information and heat from the outside of the
original negative energy particle in all interaction reactions in
the four forms of Tao in the human world.
After the tuelinhs have this energy embryo and
incarnate as humans to practice, the negative energy particle
will control and govern the yin and yang energy embryo. At
that time, this yin and yang embryo will produce many

harmful grey energy particles and have difficulty making
positive energy particles. Therefore, after the journey of
practice in the human world, those tuelinhs produce too many
excess grey harmful energy particles compared to the ivory -
white positive parti cles. As a result, the tuelinhs become
imbalanced in the energy structure outside the mature
embryo. Then, in each cluster of energy particles, many
harmful energy particles surround each positive energy
particle. That leads to the penetration of destructi ve energy
particles to dominate and disintegrate the soul.
The intellectual nature of the tuelinhs and humans with
this yin and yang energy embryo is:
- They are people who have no ideas or thoughts about
creating values of sustainable development for themselves,
others and everything. In addition, they also do not have ideas
or thoughts to promote solidarity and spread values of
sustainable development.
- They are people with thoughts and ideas that satisfy
their interests and accept harm to people, animals and
everything.
- They do not have the intelligence to understand and
perceive right and wrong, good value or destruction.
Therefore, their minds are dominated and immersed in
ignorance and destructive values.
- It can be understood that these people have selfish
and greedy thoughts about themselves without the ability to
create developmental values.
- When these people are hurt, or their interests are
damaged, they will be willing to take actions that harm

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Ideology

everyone and everything. However, those actions are not acts
of killing or actions that cause massive damage.
Hey, my children! Look at here. I let you see images of
people with such wisdom in the human world:
- The images you are looking at are people who are
intellectually ignorant in their ideology when they think that
performing rituals to pray to Buddha or God will help them
gain status, health, and blesses. Ignorant ideologies caused
them to become greedy and transformed into acts of begging
through rituals.
- The images you are seeing next are of people who are
intellectually ignorant in their ideology, and it has
transformed into the actions of partying and gambling. They
have no ideas, do not have enough intelligence to do business,
and are lazy to work. They just want to satisfy their pleasures
and hope to make money from gambling. As a result, they hurt
their families and relatives when they have to sell their
houses to pay off debts from gambling and entertainment.
- Those are the images of fathers and mothers not
allowing their children to go to school to learn. They think
they don't have money, so they force their children to drop
out of school and work to earn money while they are of school
age. However, those par ents cannot make money while they
are healthy. It is ignorance in thought that leads to actions that
hurt their children.
Those are some manifestations of the nature of the
wisdom of ignorance in the thoughts of the tuelinhs and
people in the human world. Please use the intellectual nature
of this yin and yang embryo to see the manifestations of the
four forms of Tao of every human being in the human world.

2 - Talking about yin and yang energy embryos formed
from the grey negative particle with strong electric waves and
the green positive particle with strong electric waves.
You clearly understood the information values of the
grey negative energy particles with strong electric waves.
What about green positive energy particles? The information
in those particles is accurate and abundant but not complete.
Information has many g ood values, such as fast vibration
speed and strong heat emission. Information has the
characteristics of creating sustainable development values.
Thus, the information between these two energy particles is
contradictory. However, the grey negative energy particle is
toxic. It has a fast vibration speed, so it easily attracts
destructive energy to capture the signal to attack and control
the tuelinh structure that has this type of energy embryo.
Besides, the toxins and information value of this negative
energy particle still have the power to control and dominate
the information of the positive energy particle. Therefore, the
values of the positive energy particles are modified according
to the informational nature of the harmful particles.
After the tuelinh with this yin and yang energy embryo
incarnates as a practitioner, the original yin energy particle
will completely control the energy embryo. The grey harmful
energy particles with strong electric waves are produced in
excess at that tim e. At the same time, green positive energy
particles are generated too little, and even weaker positive
energy particles that are not strong wave positive energy
particles anymore are produced. As a result, through practice
over many lifetimes, that tuelin h becomes unbalanced in the
aggregate energy particle structure outside the mature

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Ideology

embryo. That means that for every positive energy particle,
many harmful energy particles are orbiting around it. That
leads to its decomposition because more destructive energy
enters to discharge excess heat.
The intellectual nature of the tuelinhs and humans with
this yin and yang energy embryo is:
- They need more intelligence and awareness to
research and create research, values, and works that bring
sustainable development value to everyone and everything.
- They are people who have some understanding,
thoughts and ideas for creating projects or methods to
develop and bring benefits to themselves. Besides, they have
the mindset of being willing to harm everyone, animals, and
everything to satisfy their interests. However, they need more
intelligence and strength to implement those ideas and
thoughts of development.
- Sometimes, because of pressure and loss of control
over information in the tuelinhs, people with those yin and
yang embryos are willing to create actions that satisfy their
interests and cause harm to everyone, animals, and
everything. Those harms are no t acts of killing humans and
animals, but they are acts of small and medium scale damage.
Hey, my kids! Look at here. I let you see images of
people with such wisdom in the human world:
- These are images of theft and robbery of people who
are healthy but refuse to work honestly or have fallen into
debt. They are ignorant in their thinking, so they think that
robbing other people's property will help them have a better
life without being aware of the punishment of the law.

- These are images of business people who do not
comply with the law and do not bring good values to people
from the products they trade. These people sell goods
prohibited by law and even trade stimulants that harm human
health.
- That is the image of people who often eat and discuss
business together. They come up with many business forms
to bring them the most benefits. However, they only think and
develop ideas instead of practising that business. It results
from intellectual i gnorance in thought by controlling the
original negative energy particle even though they have the
positive energy particle of development.
3 - Talking about the yin and yang energy embryos
formed from the grey negative particle with strong electric
waves and fire -red positive particle with very strong electric
waves.
What information is contained in this positive energy
particle with very strong electric waves? – Information is
accurate and abundant but not complete. The information
contains many good elements, and the vibration speed is very
fast to generate a lot of heat. Information is characteristic of
spreading sustainable development values. However, when
this positive energy particle connects with the grey negative
energy particle with strong electric waves, the positive energy
particle is controlled and loses its inherent value. The lack of
information, strong negative heat, very fast vibration speed
and many toxins in the negative particle have caused the
positive particle to consume positive heat and values such as
good elements and accurate information are con trolled. In
particular, when the negative energy particle vibrates, and

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Ideology

destruction particles catch the signal, they will move to
discharge excess heat. That makes the yin -yang embryo and
the tuelinh structure vulnerable to attack and disintegration
by destructive energy.
When the tuelinh with this yin and yang embryo
incarnates as a human to practice, the yin energy particle
becomes stronger. It controls the entire wisdom of the
original embryo and the tuelinh. At that time, grey harmful
energy particles are produced in excess, while positive energy
particles are only produced in small quantities, and the
electric waves are greatly weakened. As a result, after many
lifetimes of practice in the human world, the composite
particle structure in the tuelinh is imbalanced when m any
harmful energy particles rotate around each positive energy
particle. That shows that producing harmful energy particles
causes the tuelinh structure to not develop stably in the 1:1
ratio between negative and positive particles at each
aggregate parti cle cluster. Instead, the tuelinhs cannot
mature, and the energy of destruction quickly disintegrates
them.
The intellectual nature of the tuelinhs and humans with
this yin and yang energy embryo is:
- They are not aware of the values of sustainable
development; Instead, they are attracted to and believe in
values that falsify the truth, which harm the development of
all things.
- They spread and share negative values that affect
people and society, but the level of influence is only on a small
to medium scale.
Please look at here:

- These people often speak ill of this person to that
person and cannot control their negative thoughts and
actions.
- These people's thoughts are ignorant and have turned
into actions that hurt everyone. They join many groups that
propagate negative knowledge and information in society.
They participate in religious activities but must have the
intelligence to perceive right and wrong values. Therefore,
they follow other ignorant people to spread negative
information to the detriment of others. They propagate
misleading religious views that insult other religions or
sabotage political parties.
4 - Talking about yin and yang energy embryos formed
from the grey negative particle with strong electric waves and
the yellow positive particle with super strong electric waves.
You know, positive energy particles with super strong
electric waves are the most valuable and powerful positive
particles among positive energy particles. The information in
this type of particle is the most truthful and complete. Good
elements are the greatest, and the vibration speed to generate
heat is maximum. It has the most potent power to detonate
destructive particles among positive energy particles. The
information that brings solidarity to spread the values of
sustainable development. However, when it bonds to the grey
negative energy particle with strong electric waves, the heat
and vibration speed are reduced and gradually eliminated.
That leads to the positive values of this positive energy
particle being lost and controlled by the negative ene rgy
particle. The inevitable result is that it is owned and

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Ideology

disintegrated by destructive energy attacking to discharge
excess heat.
When the tuelinhs with this type of yin and yang energy
embryo incarnate as humans to practice, their wisdom is out
of control by the yin energy particle. Those people will sink
into ignorance in their thoughts and ideas to satisfy their
interests and be w illing to harm everyone, animals, and
everything. After many lifetimes of practice, they produce too
many excess grey harmful energy particles with strong
electric waves, while very few positive energy particles are
produced, and the electric waves are muc h weaker than the
original positive particle. As a result, the aggregate energy
particle structure of the tuelinh is imbalanced because there
are many harmful energy particles surrounding each positive
energy particle. Finally, if people do not practice
transformation according to the mechanism of sustainable
reincarnation through the knowledge of the two truths, the
soul within will quickly disintegrate and be destroyed by the
energy of destruction.
The intellectual nature of the tuelinhs and humans with
this yin and yang energy embryo is:
- They do not have the cognitive power to believe in
positive values and truth, values characterized by sustainable
development. Therefore, they hate and dislike those who
unite to spread the values of sustainable development to all
things.
- They believe and practice uniting people with
ideologically ignorant wisdom like them to spread negative
values and oppose positive values.

Look at those images: the images that best demonstrate
the ignorant wisdom of human s and the tuelinhs in ideology
that becomes action. They form groups related to religions,
society, ethnicity, and politics to slander and propagate to
hurt other people, other religions, and other people. However,
because the power of the negative energy particle in their yin
and yang energy embryo was not yet the yin energy particle
with the strongest negative electric waves, the scale of the
damage they caused was only at a small to medium level. The
actions they have been taking have not had an enormous
effect in uniting to spread the values that destroy sustainable
development to everyone, animals, and everything.
Hey, my children! In this group of energy embryos, all
positive energy particles of the original yin and yang embryos
are weakened and controlled after the tuelinhs incarnate as
practitioners in the human world. Over many lifetimes of
practice, the negative energy particle continuously increases
its toxicity and vibration speed to become the negative energy
particle with stronger electric waves, while the original
positive energy particle gradually becomes the positive
energy particle with weak electric wav es and no power to
save that yin -yang embryo and the tuelinh from the risk of
being decomposed by destructive energy. However, do not be
sad when you see the truth of the yin and yang embryos
creating such an intellectual nature; Instead, rejoice that you
have seen the complete nature. The practice environment
through the four forms of Tao with complete scenarios is to
help all tuelinhs understand themselves and each other.
Therefore, understanding the truth about one's wisdom is a
great success for every t uelinh. Even more incredible is that

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Ideology

you have understood the knowledge of all things in the
universe through understanding your wisdom."
At that time, a child immediately stood up and asked the
teacher, "Father, what should people with ignorant wisdom in
ideology do to prevent decay from the energy of destruction?
Please let us know that."
Nalas Nalanda said, "Not only those people but all
tuelinhs and humans. All must learn special enlightenment
knowledge combining the knowledge of the two truths and
the knowledge of the smallest energy particles to understand
the true nature of the information values in all types of energy
particles in and out of the universe, that is, understanding the
three secrets. Then, everyone, step by step, accelerates the
implementation of a sustainable energy particle production
mechanism. When doing that, the orig inal positive energy
particle will become a positive particle with super strong
electric waves, and the original negative energy particle will
become a particle with weak electric waves. As a result, the
aggregate particle structure of the tuelinh becomes strong in
a balanced ratio, and the tuelinh matures to transform the yin
and yang energy embryo into an energy filter. Of course,
producing sustainable energy particles will help the tuelinhs
have the power to control and detonate the destructive
energy."