Chapter Fifty-Seven

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Action

Another child stood up and asked the teacher, "Father,
from what you have taught us, I understand that the wisdom
of ignorance is the wisdom that humans and the tuelinhs
possess and are immersed in the wrong information and
harmful to satisfy one's interests and harm everyone, animals,
and everything. Thus, ignorant humans and the ignorant
tuelinhs are manifested in ideologies and become actions.
However, when I observe the practice environment in the
human world, I see many people talking to others about
unkind people. Indeed, the people they speak ill of are not
good, even if they are the ones who have caused a lot of harm
to others. That's why I can't distinguish whether people who
speak ill of bad people are ignorant. I hope you will explain
my confusion to me and other tuelinhs."
"Hey, my kids! I have repeatedly told my students that
everyone in the human world has a poisonous snake inside of
themselves. That toxic snake is the toxin. If people see
someone else's toxins and try to interfere or attack that
person's toxins, that person's toxins will erupt and create
ignorant actions that harm each other.

You must understand that when a person emits toxins,
it manifests ignorant wisdom from thoughts to actions to
satisfy their own benefits and cause harm to everyone and
everything in the universe. Those people will learn the lesson
of identifying toxins and eliminating them after experiencing
the tribulation and suffering caused by those toxins. People
should only learn lessons from those emitting that toxin to
identify their similar type of toxin when it erupts, then
eliminate that type of toxin and not let it appear inside them
again. The learning here is to recognize what kind of toxicity
occurs and its consequences. Learning about toxins is not
about telling others what the person is experiencing. You
must understand that speaking ill of others, whether they are
wrong or good people, is all ignorant wisdom from thought to
action. Speaking ill of others is a type of poison that spreads
without that person's intelligence being aware. Therefore,
using one's toxins to provoke the poison of others is a
hazardous action; it is the ignorant wisdom in action." The
teacher answered.
After observing the tuelinhs who were attentively
looking and listening to the teacher, the teacher continued his
lecture. "Hey, my children! The higher level of ignorant
wisdom in ideology is the wisdom of ignorance in action.
Like the wisdom of ignorance in thought, the
knowledge of ignorance in action comprises four groups of
energy embryos. However, there is a difference in the harmful
energy particles in linking with different types of positive
energy particles that form the wisdom nature of ignorance in
action. Four groups of yin and yang energy embryos include
1- energy embryos are formed from a black negative energy

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Action

particle with very strong electric waves and an ivory -white
positive energy particle with weak electric waves; 2 – energy
embryos are created from a black negative energy particle
with very strong electric waves with a green positive energy
particle with s trong electric waves; 3 - energy embryos are
formed from a black negative energy particle with very strong
electric waves and a fire -red positive energy particle with
very strong electric waves; 4 – energy embryos are formed
from a black negative energy particle with very strong electric
waves and a yellow positive energy particle with super strong
electric waves. When they are not linked together to form yin
and yang energy embryos, positive energy particles have
informational values and power in promoting cohesion and
spreading the values of sustainable development. However,
after the positive energy particles bonded with the black
negative energy particles with very strong electric waves, the
nature and information value of the positive particles were no
longer there. Instead, harmful energy particles' information
nature forms and governs a new intellectual nature.
Do you know why the ignorant wisdom level in action
is higher than in ideology? - That is, ignorance in ideology is
the process of absorbing and increasing toxic information
from the external environment . It has not yet created the
maximum power for transforming into regular actions and
large-scale damage. In contrast, ignorance in action is the
result of ignorance in ideology, and it has transformed into
actions that harm everyone, animals, and everythin g
repeatedly and on a large scale. Therefore, the harmful energy
particles produced by the ignorant wisdom in ideology are
only particles with strong electric waves. In contrast, the toxic

energy particles produced by ignorance in action have very
strong negative electric waves.
Please remember that ignorance in action has the exact
nature of ignorance in ideology, but the power to destroy all
things is much stronger than ignorance in ideology. That
power is due to the nature of the information of the yin energy
particles in the yin and yang embryo:
Toxic information is very strong.
The value of missing and misleading information is
enormous.
The vibration speed of the intellectual wave code is
very fast, so more destructive energy particles attack it.
Hence, the characteristic of destroying and killing
animals, people, and all things on a large scale and repeatedly.
After the tuelinhs with this type of energy embryo
reincarnate as humans for many lifetimes, the toxins of the
negative energy particle will completely dominate and
control the original positive particle, wisdom of the tuelinhs,
and their bodies. That lead s them to take actions that cause
harm on a large scale or take repeated actions that hurt
people, animals, and all things. Those actions disrupt the
sustainable development of people, society, and everything.
As a result, the inner tuelinh will produce co untless excess
black negative energy particles with very strong electric
waves, while positive energy particles will not be produced. If
positive energy particles are produced, they are weakened in
value and electrical waves. That leads to an imbalance in the
aggregate energy particle structure. At that time, many
harmful energy particles spin around the positive particles,

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Action

penetrated by many destructive energy particles to discharge
excess heat. Therefore, if we do not practice the mechanism
of producing sustainable energy particles, the tuelinhs with
such energy embryos will quickly disintegrate and be
destroyed.
1 - Talking about yin-yang energy embryos formed from
the black negative energy particle with very strong electric
waves and the ivory -white positive energy particle with weak
electric waves.
The intellectual nature of the tuelinhs and humans with
this yin and yang energy embryo is:
- They do not have the intellectual understanding and
ability to create any value that benefits society and all things.
- They take actions to oppose and sabotage sustainable
development values. Destructive actions against sustainable
development values are spreading, destroying great human
solidarity blocs. Because of their intellectual ignorance, they
eliminate the values of sustainable development, but they
think they are doing valuable and good things.
- They practice actions that harm everyone, animals,
and everything to satisfy their interests. They are willing to
kill people and animals. They cause harm to people, animals,
society and everything on a large scale, even repeatedly.
Please look at this:
- These people are healthy but refuse to work honestly
to care for their families and themselves. They became
professional thieves and robbers. They became hired killers.

- Those images are people provoked by others and
become vandals of other people's property. They are
provoked to attack others.
- These are images of people who, for different reasons,
killed others to satisfy their hatred or for their benefit.
- And those are people who are provoked to distort and
insult other people and social organizations while they are
not aware enough to understand the nature and truth of the
problem.
2 - Talking about yin and yang energy embryos formed
from the black negative energy particle with very strong
electric waves and the green positive energy particle with
strong electric waves.
The intellectual nature of the tuelinhs and humans with
this yin and yang energy embryo is:
- They do not have the ideology and ability to create
works, research and values that bring sustainable
development to everyone, society and everything.
- They have the thinking ability to research and create
values to benefit themselves or their interest groups, while
those values harm people, animals and all things.
- They are willing to become murderers, kill animals
and destroy all things to satisfy and achieve goals that benefit
them.
Please look at this, my kids:
- These are people who take advantage of epidemics
and human deaths to trade fake products that have no
therapeutic value, such as counterfeit drugs and poor-quality
drugs. Those actions were to satisfy one's interests and the

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Action

interests of a group of people, causing many people to die
from diseases and epidemics.
- Those are images of soldiers and leaders who
launched wars to invade other countries and create wars to
compete for power. Just for the sake of territory and power,
they killed countless people.
- That is the image of people who have researched and
developed weapons, guns, bombs, nuclear bombs, and other
types of lethal weapons so that people can kill each other and
thereby gain benefits from wars.
- Those are images of people who, for economic
development, destroy forests and exploit resources from land
and water, destroying the lives of people and things.
3 - Talking about yin and yang energy embryos formed
from the black negative energy particle with very strong
electric waves and the fire -red positive energy particle with
very strong electric waves.
The intellectual nature of the tuelinhs and humans with
this yin and yang energy embryo is:
- They do not have the intelligence and ability to
recognize truth and positive values; Therefore, they cannot
develop and spread positive values that bring sustainable
development to people and society.
- They believe and indulge in actions that spread toxic
values to everyone. Those values cause people to practice the
mechanism of producing harmful energy particles, causing
people to live in ignorance and causing division in the
solidarity of families, o rganizations, societies, religions, and
nations.

- They can kill and destroy human life and all things to
protect the values they spread, and they think that their
actions are bringing good values to people and society.
Children, look:
- These are missionaries in religions; instead of
propagating the values of solidarity, they have been
slandering and defaming other faiths.
- Those images are people inciting and propagating
anti-national incitement and causing conflicts between ethnic
groups.
- Those people are inciting and propagandizing to
create conflicts between political forces or parties competing
for power.
- Those images are people propagating and teaching
superstitious knowledge about praying to receive fortune and
health from Buddha or God. They cause people to fall into
intellectual ignorance and practice the production of many
harmful energy particles.
4 - Talking about yin and yang energy embryos formed
from the black negative energy particle with very strong
electric waves and the yellow positive energy particle with
super strong electric waves.
The intellectual nature of the tuelinhs and people with
this yin and yang energy embryo is:
- They do not have the intelligence and ability to create
solidarity among people to spread the values of sustainable
development to everyone.
- They practice uniting people in spreading values that
sabotage the sustainable development of people, society and

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Action

everything. Meanwhile, they think they are doing valuable
work that benefits people and society.
- They cause conflicts and kill to protect the values they
are trying to unite to spread.
Children, look:
- Those are people in religions who call many people to
follow them to propagate superstitions and ignorance
together. They propagate prayer and liberation from
suffering in ignorance and without understanding the origin
and mission of man in the human world. They take advantage
of religion and spirituality to mesmerize people and profit
from people's religious beliefs.
- Those images are people with positions in religions;
they call on people to study together and spread their views
in defaming and insulting other religions.
- These are images of people launching movements and
ideologies, creating conflicts, and killing each other to
compete for their interests and rights.
- Those images are the leaders of nations allying
together to create wars of invasion and plunder the resources
of other nations.
Hey, my kids! Actions created by the tuelinhs and
people with ignorant intelligence in action produce black
harmful energy particles with very strong electric waves.
Those negative energy particles are produced in excess and
excess in each interaction and action. In contrast, the positive
energy particles with weak electric waves are produced very
little. When actions that create harmful energy particles with
very strong electric waves occur over a long period, the

tuelinh will lose more serious control and produce toxic
energy particles with super strong electric waves. As a result,
they are easily disintegrated by too many destructive energy
particles attacking them.”