Chapter Fifty-Eight

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in
Spreading False Knowledge

"Hey, my children! I give you two situations as follows:
the first situation is that there is a war between two countries,
and many people die after peace is restored. The second
situation is that one person creates a system of untrue
knowledge about the o rigin and practice mission of humans
and the tuelinhs. Then, many people spread that knowledge
widely in the human world. It is passed down from generation
to generation. According to you, which situation contains
more toxins and causes more harm?" The tea cher asked the
tuelinhs.
A child stood up and answered, "Father, in my opinion,
the act of killing many people in a war between two countries
is more harmful because it is an act of killing and taking away
human life. Not only that, the hatred of the people between
those two countries will continue over time, and there is a risk
of more wars breaking out in the future. While the spread of
false knowledge does not cause killing and harm like wars
between nations."

Another child immediately stood up and answered,
"Father, I think that creating and spreading false knowledge
about the origin and mission of the tuelinhs and humans
causes much damage and has more poisons. I understand that
wars happen because of ignoranc e of human wisdom. That
means when people do not understand their origin and
mission in the human world, they become greedy and selfish
in competing for territorial and other national interests. As a
result, they can create countless wars that kill each ot her for
many lifetimes. Therefore, creating and teaching false
knowledge are hazardous and can destroy the entire practice
environment you have created in the human world."
The teacher said, "Both situations are manifestations of
toxins in the tuelinhs, and they both cause enormous damage
to people and the practice environment of the tuelinhs in the
human world. However, creating false knowledge about the
origin and mission o f the tuelinhs and humans contains the
most toxins and causes the most significant harm to the
tuelinhs and humans.
You must understand that one or several large -scale
wars between countries only cause loss of human life and
other injuries that living people must endure. However, those
injuries will quickly be forgotten and healed over time. That
means that wars cause h arm only at the time of the war and
for a short time afterwards, even though the damage is
devastating.
However, the harm and toxins are great for creating
and spreading false knowledge about the origin and mission
of the tuelinhs and humans. Why? Everything is information.
It would help if you remembered that. Because everything is

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Spreading False Knowledge

information, information creates different values of
everything. If the information is truthful and sustainable, it
will create new physical structures with sustainable
development value from the good elements within.
On the contrary, if the information is false and
destructive, it will create new physical structures with
destructive properties and cause harm to themselves and
everything else. Therefore, creating and spreading false
knowledge about the origin and missio n of the tuelinhs and
humans will cause them to encode incorrect information. At
that time, they will practice and produce too much and excess
harmful energy particles with super strong electric waves. As
a result, the tuelinh will quickly decay and perish.
Hey, my kids! By killing one or more people, the tuelinh
only produces a few black negative energy particles with very
strong electric waves. Those are the energy particles of the
ignorant wisdom nature in action. However, creating and
spreading false know ledge to many people and humanity
causes them to produce countless blood-red negative energy
particles with super strong electric waves. The danger in this
type of action is that just one action of spreading or teaching
false knowledge to one or more peopl e, their yin and yang
embryos, will produce many or countless energy particles
with super strong electric waves. More specifically, when
people receive false knowledge, they will continue spreading
it to others. This process causes false knowledge to sprea d
worldwide and pass down from generation to generation. As
a result, countless tuelinhs and people received that harmful
information to speed up the production of the most toxic
harmful energy particles, the blood -red negative energy

particles. That means that destruction comes quickly to
people who study and practice false knowledge.
The above two situations show the toxicity and damage
caused by creating and spreading false knowledge. It is
hazardous, and the level of harm to all things is much greater
than the actions of killing people or animals."
A child stood up and said, "Father, the value of
information is two -fold: all things will be created and
developed sustainably when the information is true and has
the characteristics of sustainable development. On the
contrary, all things will be destroyed when the information is
false and has destructive properties."
"That's right. It is the nature of information because
everything is information, and information creates different
values of all physical structures. That value can be sustainable
development, and it can be decay and destruction." The
teacher said.
After a moment of reflection, the teacher continued to
lecture. "Hey, my children! Let me continue to teach you to
understand the nature of the wisdom of ignorance in
spreading false knowledge.
The ignorance in spreading false knowledge of the
tuelinhs and humans is the actions of spreading false
information values. It is the most dangerous and toxic type of
ignorant wisdom nature, formed from four groups of yin and
yang energy embryos to form th e tuelinhs. It includes 1 - yin
and yang energy embryos formed from a blood -red negative
energy particle with super strong electric waves and an ivory-
white positive energy particle with weak electric waves; 2 -
energy embryos are formed from a blood-red negative energy

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Spreading False Knowledge

particle with super strong electric waves and a green positive
energy particle with strong electric waves; 3 - The energy
embryo is formed from a blood -red negative energy particle
with super strong electric waves and a fire -red positive
energy particle wi th very strong electric waves; 4 - Yin and
yang energy embryos are formed from a blood -red negative
energy particle with super strong electric waves and a yellow
positive energy particle with super strong electric waves.
Thus, the common characteristic of the group of ignorant
wisdom nature in the act of spreading false knowledge is that
the yin and yang embryo is formed from a blood-red negative
particle with super strong electric waves.
Hey, my kids! Through the two situations, I asked and
answered, you have seen the level of danger and destructive
power of ignorance's intellectual nature in spreading false
information. This type of wisdom is the pinnacle of the
knowledge of ignorance, an d it is the crystallization of both
kinds of intellect of ignorance in ideology and action.
Therefore, when talking to the extent of destroying the
tuelinhs and all things in the universe, no type of ignorant
wisdom can do the same as the type of ignorant wisdom in
spreading false knowledge.
Do you still remember the information value of the
negative energy particle with the super strong electric wave?
It has severe information shortages and distortions. Toxic
information is super strong. The vibration speed is super fast,
and the negative hea t is super strong, leading to many
destructive particles catching that vibration signal and
discharging excess heat. Information characteristic is
pervasive. Thus, the harmful energy particles with super

strong electric waves are the type with the most significant
toxicity and misinformation compared to other harmful
energy particles. When it combines with different kinds of
yang energy particles to form yin and yang energy embryos,
it creates different ig norant wisdom essences to spread
information.
When the tuelinhs with this type of energy embryo
incarnate as practitioners, the information and toxins of the
harmful energy particles will control the human mind. Human
intelligence does not have enough strength and ability to
perceive the truth, right and wrong, development value or
destruction value of the knowledge they learn or create. That
leads to their yin and yang energy absorbing uncontrolled
toxic information from the outside environment. Then, their
yin and yang embryos produce a hazardous lev el of ignorant
ideology before they carry out the actions of spreading or
teaching that false and harmful knowledge. As a result,
through cultivating in the human world, the tuelinhs have all
kinds of yin and yang energy embryos that form the wisdom
of ignorance in spreading false knowledge; they will produce
too many redundant negative particles with super strong
electric waves. Meanwhile, positive energy particles are
generated less and are increasingly reduced in heat, goodness
and the actual value of in formation. That leads to a severe
imbalance in the synthetic particle structure in tuelinh when
many synthetic harmful energy particles rotate around each
positive energy particle. Finally, many destructive energy
particles catch the signal and enter to release excess heat into
the tuelinh structure. As a result, the tuelinh's structure is
disconnected and disintegrates quickly.

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Spreading False Knowledge

1 - Talking about yin and yang energy embryos formed
from a blood -red negative energy particle with super strong
electric waves and an ivory-white positive energy particle with
weak electric waves.
The intellectual nature of the tuelinhs and humans with
this yin and yang energy embryo is:
- These tuelinhs and people do not have enough ability
and strength to perceive information values that are true and
valuable for sustainable development. Instead, they are
attracted to and quickly receive harmful and false information
from the outside environment.
- They cannot create any kind of value, whether positive
or negative, because their positive energy particle does not
have the power.
- They quickly receive and spread negative information
and knowledge that destroys all things, tuelinhs, and people
to others.
Look, kids:
- That is the image of poor people, uneducated people
and sick people who have been practising religious and
spiritual rituals to ask Buddha or God to bless them with
wealth, status, and health. They don't stop there; they
continue to share and involve oth ers in those rituals. They
perform rituals with the utmost ignorant belief that they will
get what they ask for without studying to gain status and
wealth, without working to gain wealth, and not through
practising positive living and healing to recover from illness.
- The following images are of people who are single
because of divorce; they are sharing their dissatisfaction with

married life when they are not compatible, and they are
sharing about happiness and freedom after divorce. They
propagate and create groups of people with the same
cognitive views as them, even attracting and inciting many
other families to break down like them.
- Those images are of poor people, even educated
people in society. They accept hostile ideas and oppose the
political regime. They receive financial benefits from anti -
government organizations to help spread propaganda and
entice others to join anti-government organizations.
2 - Talking about yin and yang energy embryos formed
from a blood -red negative energy particle with super strong
electric waves and a green positive energy particle with strong
electric waves.
The intellectual nature of the tuelinhs and humans with
this yin and yang energy embryo is:
- They are people with the power and ability to create,
invent, research and create negative values that destroy the
lives of people and things. However, they do not have the
ideology or ability to develop positive values that promote
sustainable development.
- Not only do they have the ability to create negative
values, but they also can spread false values after creating
them to promote the process of destroying the sustainable
development of all humanity, animals, tuelinhs and people.
Look, kids:
- Those images are people who invented weapons and
bombs to serve in war and kill each other. They do not stop

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Spreading False Knowledge

producing and selling those weapons; they also transfer those
production technologies to other countries.
- People who create stimulants and addictive
substances for humans. These are substances that are
harmful to human health and life. Not stopping at making and
selling them to different groups, they also continue to transfer
technology for researching and p roducing those types of
poisons to many other organizations and people.
- These are images of people hunting rare animals and
killing them for horns or animal body parts. Then, they sell
them to people who need to use them to improve health or
treat diseases. Not stopping there, they falsely propagate the
truth about the effec ts of animal parts to the media and
society to increase their business.
3 - Talking about yin and yang energy embryos formed
from a blood -red negative energy particle with super strong
electric waves and a fire-red positive energy particle with very
strong electric waves.
The intellectual nature of the tuelinhs and people with
this energy embryo is:
- They can research and create negative values that
harm everyone, animals, and everything. However, they
cannot create sustainable development values for people and
things.
- These people can teach and have the ability to
convince others when they spread knowledge. Because the
negative energy particle has electric waves that are too
strong, they lose the ability to teach and apply accurate
information that is valuable for sus tainable development.

Instead, they have an innate power to teach and spread
negative values and false information to benefit themselves
and cause serious harm to society and everything.
Please look at this, my kids:
- Those people teach others to get rich while they
cannot do business and produce. They instruct with false
information to entice people to participate in learning, and
they profit from becoming rich from that false knowledge.
Those students who learn to g et rich fail when applying the
teacher's knowledge.
- Those images are people propagating injustice and
inequality in society and the political regime to create new
parties that aim to create social and political conflicts . They
make false information to deceive people and profit from
them.
- Those who are propagandizing and teaching in the
school system about the ideology of racism and ethnic hatred.
That makes the people of that country hate other people and
other races.
- Religious practitioners teach knowledge that causes
conflicts, even creating wars between religions. They make
the followers of their religion hate those who follow other
faiths. As a result, there are too many wars between religions.
- People practising religions are spreading false
knowledge about the origin and practice mission of the
tuelinhs and humans. Besides, they preach liberation from
suffering through praying to Buddha or God without
practising the mechanism of producing sust ainable energy

The Nature of Ignorant Wisdom in Spreading False Knowledge

particles through understanding the truth about the origin
and practice mission of humans and the tuelinhs.
4 - Talking about yin and yang energy embryos formed
from a blood -red negative energy particle with super strong
electric waves and a yellow positive energy particle with super
strong electric waves.
The intellectual nature of the tuelinhs and humans with
this yin and yang energy embryo is:
- They can create knowledge systems, doctrines, and
ideologies that contain false information. That information
and knowledge is all incorrect information about the origin
and practice mission of the tuelinhs and people in the human
world. Therefore, that information can cause people to kill
each other and practice ignorance to seek liberation throu gh
prayer and not practice sustainable energy particle
production.
- In addition to the ability to create false information
and knowledge about the origin and practice mission of
humans, they also have the power to unite people with
ignorant wisdom to spread harmful knowledge. Then, they
came together to form a great soli darity to spread those
intellectuals.
Look, kids:
- People who create philosophical ideologies are false
about human origins when they say that humans evolved
from single cells to become different animals and then
evolved into humans. As a result, that knowledge has been
taught in the schools and educatio n systems of many
countries worldwide.

- Those who create racism and class discrimination to
jointly oppress and dominate other classes and other people
in society.
- Those who created ideologies, knowledge, and
religions made people distrust and misunderstand the origin
and mission of practice in the human world. That led to the
emergence of many faiths with worship rituals or prayers to
be freed from suffering and r eturn to heaven. Besides, there
are many forms of practice, such as meditation and
renunciation of family, to find liberation from suffering. All
that knowledge prevents people from understanding the
origin and practice missions of the tuelinhs in the huma n
world. As a result, people live selfishly, competing for benefits
and power instead of practising the production of sustainable
energy particles to complete their practice mission in the
human world.
Hey, my kids! Thus, you have seen the levels of ignorant
wisdom of the tuelinhs and humans through practising in the
human world in the four forms of the Tao. The manifestations
of the wisdom of ignorance are different, and they are all
created by the information nature of each type of yin and yang
energy embryo in the tuelinhs. Please remember, children,
even if the tuelinhs and humans have energy embryos made
of harmful energy particles with super strong electric waves,
they will all be saved when they receive accurate information
that has value for sustainable development. They will also
become mature tuelinhs with dual -energy filters if they
practice the mechanism of producing sustainable energy
particles.”