Chapter Fifty-Nine

The Nature of the Wisdom is Easily
Vibrated and Manipulated

A child asked the teacher, "Father, from your teachings,
I understand that to help and save all tuelinhs, they must learn
and practice according to the knowledge of the two truths you
are teaching. However, the tuelinhs are formed from yin and
yang embryos with negative energy particles, which are grey,
black, and blood -red particles. Therefore, they cannot
perceive and believe in true information conducive to
sustainable development. I think saving them is a tough
challenge. Dear Father, do you have any way to save and help
them destroy their ignorant wisdom that aims to receive and
practice according to your enlightened wisdom? Among the
tuelinhs here, many are tuelinhs formed from yin and yang
energy embryos with negative particles carrying strong, very
strong, and super strong electric waves. Therefore, we feel
worried when we incarnate as humans. We fear that we will
reject enlightened knowledge when approached. Instead, we
are immersed in ignorant ideologies and actions controlled by
toxins in the yin a nd yang embryo's yin particle. We hope
Father will let us know your solution so that we can

confidently overcome the tribulations when we incarnate as
humans and quickly complete our practice mission in the
human world."
The teacher looked at the child with a satisfied
expression and nodded slightly. Then, the teacher replied, "Of
course, I have a solution to help and save the tuelinhs when
they incarnate as humans in the human world, including you.
Therefore, please feel secure and confident in your journey to
become a human in the coming time.
The first solution is that the tuelinhs must go through
all the interaction scenarios in the four forms of the Tao. Each
tuelinh will have to go through many different reaction levels
for each interaction in all forms of the Tao. It will start from
the easy reaction level to the most difficult level. The purpose
is to help all tuelinhs identify and force out the toxins in their
original negative particle. This process takes many lifetimes
to eliminate toxins and false information in the original yin
particles, then re -encode information for sustainable
development in both the original yin and yang particles. I call
this solution using poison to stimulate and remove poison
when we hold a conference to unify the practice path of the
tuelinhs before allowing th em to incarnate as humans. That
means your exposure to toxins is an outstanding achievement
on your practice journey in the human world. When you
recognize your toxins, you will have the ability to destroy and
remove those toxins from your original particl es and
structure. Only then will you have the strength to practice
sustainable energy particle production. Hey, my kids! The
process of toxic outbreaks is associated with the process of
the soul causing harm to everyone, animals, and everything.

The Nature of the Wisdom is Easily Vibrated and Manipulated

It is also the process by which the tuelinhs will reject
knowledge that is valuable to save them. However, that does
not affect the fact that knowledge and I will save them. It
would help if you remembered that even the tuelinhs have the
nature of ignorant wisdom in spreading false knowledge; they
will be saved although they reject me and my knowledge. Do
you know why? When they experience enough suffering
caused by their toxins, they will trust me and my enlightened
knowledge. That is when they were saved to practice the
sustainable energy particle production mechanism. Don't
worry that I will forget or not help some tuelinhs. Please rest
assured that I do not give up any tuelinh. Five messengers are
helping me; I have a transit planet with excellent tuelin hs on
duty to support me. In particular, I have an information
transmission and reception system to manage and monitor all
the tuelinhs and souls practicing in the human world.
Therefore, the information and practice process of each
tuelinh and all things in the universe are controlled.
The second solution is to create an environment
containing accurate information with value for sustainable
development. Genuine information includes:
The truth about the origin.
The mission of practice in the human world.
The path to liberation from the suffering of the tuelinhs
and humans.
Those informational values will be provided in suitable
environments for tuelinhs. Those are the environments
where the tuelinhs have fully experienced the suffering of
what they have done due to losing control of their toxins.

Do you know? My current students in the human world,
many of them have lived in agony due to mental illness and
suffering. However, they have recovered and are effectively
practising my knowledge in helping other suffering and
mentally ill people. They are the people who are protecting
and spreading my knowledge in this human life. In their past
lives, they were people controlled by the toxins in the original
negative particle and rejected me and my knowledge.
Therefore, you should be assured and confident in your
practice journey in the human world because of the scenarios
in the four forms of Tao and the environments I have
established to help all tuelinhs and people transform
sustainably."
"Father, it is wonderful for all tuelinhs and humans,
especially when we are about to be incarnated as humans. All
tuelinhs will be extremely happy and feel confident when they
have a solid fulcrum from Father and the source to overcome
the tribulations on their practice journey in the human world.
The teacher preached, "Hey, my children! Humans and
the tuelinhs have yin and yang embryos formed from negative
energy particles with strong, very strong, and super strong
electric waves. They must go through all the sufferings of life
to eliminate toxins. That shows the difficulty in transforming
the nature of information within them. They easily believe
and accept negative information values and then practice
them because the negative information of the external
environment is consistent with the negative information
inside their yin and yang energy embryo. However, they do
not believe and do not accept positive information from the
outside environment because it is different from the

The Nature of the Wisdom is Easily Vibrated and Manipulated

information inside their yin and yang embryo. Suffering and
tribulations are the solutions to help them recognize and
eliminate their toxins; then, they will believe and practice the
sustainable development values of positive information.
Thus, their pract ice journey will be the most arduous
compared to other tuelinhs.
Hey, my kids! I tell you that there is another type of
intelligence of the tuelinhs and humans; they are very easily
manipulated and believe in the informational values of the
environment in which they live and interact. I call them
humans whose intellectu al nature is easily vibrated and
controlled. Do you know what energy particles their yin and
yang embryos are made of? – Their yin and yang embryos are
made up of a grey -white negative energy particle with weak
electric waves and an ivory -white positive en ergy particle
with weak electric waves.
As you already know, the information value of these
two types of energy particles. Ivory -white positive energy
particles have weak heat, few good elements, and weak
vibration speed; the amount of information encoded is
accurate but not much and incomplete, and balancing
properties cannot promote development, spread, or unity.
Grey-white negative particles have weak negative heat, few
toxins, weak vibration speed, and a small amount of false
information, and balancing and promoting properties that
support the ability and strength of positive energy particles.
When these two yin and yang energy particles combine to
form a yin and yang embryo, they do not have the power to
decode the information and do not have the power to
detonate the destructive energy parti cles because the

embryo's yang energy particles do not have enough positive
heat. On the contrary, this type of yin and yang energy embryo
does not have the power to destroy the structure of all things
because the yin particle has little toxicity and low vibration
speed, so it does not form strong signals to attract destructive
energy attacks and discharges excess heat into it. In addition,
this yin and yang energy embryo has a unique characteristic
of quickly absorbing information and heat from the outside
environment, whether positive or negative. The reason is that
both negative and positive energy particles have weak
electrical waves, so they quickly adapt and receive both
negative and positive information.
When the tuelinh with this yin and yang energy embryo
incarnates as a human, the intelligence of those people is
influenced by information from the environment where they
live and study. Therefore, it is divided into two cases:
- When they live and study in an environment with
positive information values for sustainable development,
they easily believe and practice. As a result, their yin and yang
energy embryos produce grey -white negative energy
particles with weak electric wave s and ivory -white positive
energy particles with stronger electric waves. This process
helps the positive energy particle of the yin and yang embryo
to be encoded and increases the power of accurate and
complete information value. As a result, after the pr actice
journey, the synthetic energy particle structure in the tuelinh
has a balanced ratio of negative and positive particles of 1:1,
and they mature quickly. In addition, their yin -yang embryo
will become a yin -yang embryo with the power to detonate
destructive energy particles. Reason: the tuelinhs and

The Nature of the Wisdom is Easily Vibrated and Manipulated

humans live in an environment containing positive
information values, so harmful energy particles do not absorb
toxic information from the outside environment. The positive
energy particle gains strength from the positive information
values of the external environment to become stronger. The
destructive energy particles move in small quantities and are
detonated by the original positive energy particle that has
increased heat.
- When they live and study in an environment with
destructive negative information values, they easily believe
and practice. Through cultivating in the human world, the yin
and yang embryo inside the tuelinh produces many negative
energy particles with str onger electric waves than the
original negative energy particle. In contrast, few positive
energy particles are produced. That shows that the original
negative energy particle encoded and enhanced toxic and
negative information from the external environmen t. As a
result, the tuelinh becomes unbalanced in the aggregate
particle structure, and it is easily signalled by destructive
energy to attack and eliminate excess heat. Thus, negative
information from the outside environment causes this yin and
yang energ y embryo to transform toward decay and
destruction.
The intellectual nature of the tuelinhs and humans with
this yin and yang energy embryo is:
- They do not have the cognitive ability to distinguish
truth, right and wrong, and whether development values are
sustainable or destructive. They cannot create sustainable or
harmful values. They also cannot connect people to spread
those values.

- They will receive and practice information values in
different environments when they live and study in that
environment. Although they learn and practice, they cannot
understand the nature and truth of those information values.
Therefore, they need a lo ng time to experience and know
whether the information is wrong or good.
You can come across and see people who are easily
swayed and manipulated in life, such as:
- People without opinions always agree with
everyone's opinions when communicating and interacting
with them.
- People who believe and practice specific methods and
knowledge because of customs or because most people do so
without the ability to perceive the truth.
- They are people who do not harm anyone and cannot
help anyone.
- They are people who cannot create sustainable
development values or destructive values.
Hey, my children! Recognizing people's intellectual
nature and the tuelinhs whose intelligence is easily vibrated
and manipulated is not easy. It would help if you observed
their information reactions and actions in different
environments over a while to s ee their manifestations.
Therefore, manifestations must be collected over long periods
and in other information environments to understand the
nature of all humans and the tuelinhs. From there, you can
confirm what yin and yang energy particles their yin and yang
energy embryos are made of."