Chapter Sixty

The Nature of Intelligence Has the
Characteristics of Sustainable
Development

The children said to each other, "It's amazing; the
environment creates terrible power when it can change the
nature of intelligence in the direction of sustainable
development and vice versa, in the direction of destruction
and decomposition." "Father has told us before that the
environment co ntains different information values.
Information is all things, and all things express different
information values. That difference creates environments
containing different information because of the reaction
process between all things. Earth is a magica l environment
where humans await to be incarnated." "I don't know what I
will be like when I transform into a human. I don't know if I
have enough strength to control my negative particles.
Hopefully, I will be alert and strong enough to overcome the
suffering in the human world after being equipped with
knowledge by Father before incarnating as a human."

After the children in the temple became quiet, the
teacher continued teaching. "Look, my children:
- These are images of people born into low -income
families and in a negative environment with evil customs and
crime. However, they study hard, become talented people,
and dedicate themselves to their work as they create the best
product values for society and themselves.
- Those are the images of farmers; they work hard and
constantly improve the quality and output of crops. They have
gone from being poor to people with a better life besides
providing quality agricultural products to everyone.
- Those images are of workers and engineers. They are
working hard in production to complete projects that serve
people's lives. They are satisfied with their contributions to
work and receive value and benefits for themselves.
- Those are images of people doing scientific research.
They overcome great difficulties and challenges to complete
their research and inventions. Those are the research that
creates medicines to treat human diseases; those are vaccines
to help people prevent dangerous diseases; those are valuable
products in supporting and improving the quality of human
life, which are means of transportation, machines and
mechanical systems in production. They have created
tremendous value in helping people overcome disea ses and
constantly increase the quality of life and the benefits they
gain from the work and research they have created.
- It is the image of people who have overcome various
difficulties in life, such as lack of education, difficult family
economic circumstances, and many failures. They overcome
problems and become good business people and great

The Nature of Intelligence Has the Characteristics of Sustainable Development

employers. They have been successful in business and
brought many benefits to their workers, society and country.
Additionally, many have developed their businesses to benefit
people around the world.
- Those are images of people who create knowledge to
teach in schools. That knowledge makes for a substantial
development in awareness and understanding of the human
worldview. That knowledge has created talented people in
many fields, such as medicine, biology, chemistry, economics,
construction, etc. That knowledge has changed and developed
human civilization. It significantly contributes to creating the
practice environment of the tuelinhs in the human world,
which becomes complex and valuable in identif ying and
eliminating toxins and activating good elements.
Hey, my kids! Do you know what kind of intellectual
nature the above manifestations represent?"
One child replied, "Father, as I understand it, those
people represent the intellectual nature of developing good
values."
The teacher said, "That's right. Those tuelinhs and
people have an intellectual nature characterized by
sustainable development.
The intellectual nature of the tuelinhs and people
whose intelligence is characterized by sustainable
development is:
- They always have extraordinary strength to overcome
adversity, difficulties and extreme challenges in their lives to
complete research and inventions and create values of

development characteristics for everyone, society and
everything.
- They have the intellectual power and cognitive ability
to understand negative values and harmful information.
Therefore, they are not influenced by their interests and
toxins but create values that harm people, society and
animals.
- They do not care and are not influenced or hindered
by negative information from harmful environments. Instead,
they focus and dedicate themselves to the sustainable
development values they research, invent, and create.
Hey, my children! Do you recognize what kind of energy
embryos form the essence of wisdom characteristic of
sustainable development of the tuelinhs and humans?"
A child stood up and replied, "Father, a kind of
intelligence capable of perceiving and rejecting the attraction
of negative and toxic information is a wonderful kind of
energy embryo. That energy embryo must be formed from a
grey-white negative energy particle with weak electric waves
and a green positive energy particle with strong electric
waves. With the power of the positive and negative energy
particle that has the characteristics of balancing and
promoting the development of positive particles, that energy
embryo is a combination of both the wonderful values of
positive and negative particles."
A few children also said, "I also believe that the type of
intelligence with the characteristics of sustainable
development is formed from a yin and yang embryo with the
grey-white negative particle carrying weak electric waves

The Nature of Intelligence Has the Characteristics of Sustainable Development

and the green positive particles carrying strong electric
waves."
The teacher smiled at the children, "Hey, my children!
It is lovely that you have realized what kind of energy embryo
that type of intelligence is composed of when I tell you about
the manifestations and nature of humans and the tuelinhs. I
am thrilled you have developed the ability to think about
energy particles well. That shows your outstanding maturity
in creating informational reactions to understand all things,
events, and phenomena.
As you know, the grey -white harmful energy particles
with weak electric waves have the most negligible false
information value, low vibration speed, low toxicity, and low
negative heat. In particular, it has the property of balancing
and promoting the values of positive energy particles when it
connects to form yin and yang energy embryos. The negative
particle's value is that it does not form significant signals to
attract many destructive energy particles to attack and
destroy its structure.
On the other hand, you already know the information
value of the group of positive energy particles. The
information value encoded in their intellectual wave code is
accurate but not much and not complete; good elements are
many, vibration speed is fast, and heat is strong. In particular,
it has creative characteristics and creates sustainable
development values for itself and everything. Therefore, this
group of positive energy particles has the power to detonate
a small number of destructive energy partic les when they
attack the embryo and its structure. When blasting
annihilation energy particles, it will become stronger by

absorbing and encoding complete and comprehensive truth
information with the characteristics of sustainable
development from the outside environment.
Hey, my kids! When those two yin and yang energy
particles bond, they form an energy embryo with a magical
intellectual nature and sustainable development
characteristics. In particular, when the tuelinhs with this type
of energy embryo incarnate as practi tioners in the human
world, yin and yang energy particles wonderfully promote
their value in the interactions in the four forms of Tao. That
is:
- The original negative energy particle only vibrates at
a weak level, so it does not hinder the process of the initial
positive energy particle performing the function of evaluating
information from the external environment. Therefore, the
negative energy particle only receives and encodes accurate
and positive information values into the embryo's original
positive and negative energy particles. In addition, with the
low vibration speed, only a few destruction particles near that
area receive the signal to attack the yin and yang embryo of
the tuelinh and the person with this embryo.
- The original positive energy particle has a fast
vibration speed and a substantial amount of heat, so it has the
power to control the information value of the original
negative energy particle. In particular, it can evaluate
information values from the o utside environment before
letting the negative energy particle absorb and encode them.
It only allows the yin energy particle to absorb accurate and
positive information with sustainable development
characteristics. In addition, it can detonate a small amount of

The Nature of Intelligence Has the Characteristics of Sustainable Development

destructive energy particles when they attack the yin and
yang embryos and tuelinhs.
Compared to previous energy embryos, the magic and
difference of this yin and yang energy embryo is that they can
link information between the yin and yang particles in the
embryo to create excellent new functions and tasks. That is to
absorb actual inform ation values with characteristics of
sustainable development from the external environment to
increase its strength. In particular, the negative particle
vibrates slightly to absorb a small amount of destructive
energy particles and detonate them in the sa fety of the
positive energy particle. That creates hot heat to help the yin
and yang embryo produce many positive energy particles
with strong to super -strong electric waves. Besides, harmful
energy particles are also produced with each reaction that
creates positive energy particles. Still, their electric waves are
weak and valuable for the development and maturity of the
tuelinh.
Through cultivating in the human world, the synthetic
energy particle structure of the tuelinhs with this yin and
yang energy embryo develops and matures quickly. They
have and maintain a synthetic energy particle structure in the
golden ratio of 1:1. This means that those tuelinhs and
humans have great wisdom and power in understanding the
truth of all things and practising sustainable energy particle
production mechanisms. However, when they access the
knowledge of the two truths and the knowledge of the
smallest energy particle, they will quickly understand and
effectively practice the mechanism of sustainable energy

particle production. Ultimately, they will soon attain the
unified Tao of the universe."