Chapter Sixty-One

The Nature of Intelligence Has the
Characteristics of Spreading the Values of
Sustainable Development

The children became excited when the teacher taught
about the type of energy embryo that creates intelligence with
the characteristics of developing sustainable values. They
understood why there are the tuelinhs capable of detonating
particles of destruction when moving with Father near areas
containing destructive energy even though they have not yet
been incarnated as humans to practice. They feel more
excited when they see happy and positive information about
the wisdom of the tuelinhs and humans after hearing so much
information about tuelinhs with ignorant wisdom. Those are
feelings of happiness and joy because, in the harsh practice
environment, there are still people with great wisdom for all
things to rely on and learn from when they incarnate as
humans.
The children momentarily watched each other, then
cheered, "This is amazing; among us, so many tuelinhs have
this miraculous energy embryo. Thus, we will have wonderful

tuelinhs accompanying us when we incarnate as humans.
They will be wonderful people to help us overcome challenges
on our practice journey in the human world."
The teacher interrupted the children, "Hey, my kids!
That type of yin and yang embryo is not the most miraculous
of all the yin and yang embryos that form the intellectual
nature of the tuelinhs and humans. I will continue to teach you
about more wonderful types of energy embryos."
"Father, it is wonderful that many types of energy
embryos create intelligence of a positive nature and
sustainable development for all things in the universe. That
makes us feel happier and more excited when we think about
how we will meet your knowledge and receive the help of
wonderful people when we incarnate as humans." A child
stood up to confide in the teacher.
The teacher continued, "There is a more miraculous
type of energy embryo: an embryo formed from a grey-white
negative energy particle with weak electric waves and a fire -
red positive energy particle with a very strong electric wave.
I call this energy embryo the intellectual energy embryo that
spreads the values of sustainable development.
Do you still remember the nature of the information
inside these two energy particles? The grey -white negative
energy particles with weak electric waves have negligible
false information value, low vibration speed, toxicity, and low
negative heat. In parti cular, it has the property of balancing
and promoting the values of positive energy particles when it
connects to form yin and yang energy embryos. Because of the
negative particle's value, it does not create significant signals

The Nature of Intelligence Has the Characteristics of Spreading the Values of
Sustainable Development

to attract many destructive energy particles that attack and
destroy its structure.
On the other hand, the group of fire-red positive energy
particles with very strong electric waves has accurate
information value but is not comprehensive; the vibration
speed is very fast, and the heat is very strong. It contains a lot
of good elements and has the property of spreading the values
of sustainable development. Therefore, this group of positive
energy particles has the power to detonate more destructive
energy particles than the group of green positive energy
particles with strong electric waves in the same reaction. That
helps the yin-yang embryo absorb heat from the explosion of
destructive particles and valuable information from the
outside environment to produce more sustainable energy
particles. Therefore, this yin and yang energy embryo w ill
become even more powerful.
When those two yin and yang energy particles connect,
they form an energy embryo with an intellectual nature that
has the characteristics of spreading the values of sustainable
development. Therefore, when the tuelinhs with this type of
energy embryo incar nate as practitioners in the human
world, yin and yang energy particles wonderfully promote
their value in the interactions in the four forms of Tao. That
is:
- The original negative energy particle only vibrates at
a weak level, so it does not hinder the process of the original
positive energy particle performing the function of evaluating
information from the external environment. Therefore, the
original negative energy particle only receives and encodes
accurate and positive information values into the embryo's

original positive and negative energy particles. In addition,
with the low vibration speed, only a few destruction particles
near that area receive the signal to attack the yin and yang
embryo of the tuelinh and the person with this embryo.
- The original positive energy particle has a very fast
vibration speed and a very strong amount of heat, so it has the
power to control the information value of the original
negative energy particle. In particular, it can evaluate
information values from the outside environment before
letting the original negative energy particle absorb and
encode them. It only allows the original yin energy particle to
absorb accurate and positive information that has the
characteristics of sustainable development and spr eads the
values of sustainable development. In addition, it can
detonate many destructive energy particles when they attack
the yin and yang embryo and the tuelinh.
Hey, my kids! This yin and yang energy embryo is more
magical than the yin and yang energy embryo, characteristic
of developing sustainable values. Besides having the ability
and power to create sustainable values, this type of energy
embryo has more extraordinary power, which is the ability to
spread sustainable development values to different
environments. That constitutes a type of wisdom that is more
extraordinary and magical than the type of wisdom that
develops sustainable values. It is the same inter action
reaction that produces positive energy particles. Still, this
type of energy embryo can create more positive energy
particles, and the electric waves of positive energy particles
are very strong. Why? This energy embryo can control and
absorb more accurate and complete information values than

The Nature of Intelligence Has the Characteristics of Spreading the Values of
Sustainable Development

the sustainable development energy embryo. In addition,
detonating more destructive energy particles will help it have
more heat to produce more positive energy particles.
Combining those two reasons makes the positive particles'
value more excellent than those made from energy embryos
with sustainable development characteristics.
When cultivating in the human world, the tuelinhs and
people with this type of energy embryo will mature very
quickly. That is because of the ability to produce many
positive energy particles with very strong electric waves in
the same reaction, and harmfu l energy particles with weak
electric waves are also produced in sufficient quantities. That
helps the structure of synthetic energy particles in the tuelinh
to be balanced according to the golden ratio of 1:1. Therefore,
they have extraordinary power in o vercoming harmful
environments to practice the production of sustainable
energy particles and quickly successfully transform yin and
yang energy embryos into energy filters.
The intellectual nature of the tuelinhs and humans who
have this type of yin and yang energy embryo is:
- They have the power and ability to distinguish
between harmful information values and information values
characterized by sustainable development. Therefore, they
only receive information with positive values and do not
accept information values with destructive properties.
- They can create inventions, research, works, and
values that benefit people, society, and everything.
- In particular, they have the power to teach and spread
the values of sustainable development to everyone and in

different environments. They do not teach or spread harmful
and destructive values.
Look, kids:
- Those are images of successes in agricultural
production. They have been successful, and they are sharing
those successful methods with others to help those people be
as successful as they are.
- Those are engineers and workers. They teach and help
many people learn and gain professional knowledge.
- Those images are of people who have succeeded in
business and production. They have been successful and are
sharing their successful business methods with younger
generations and others.
- Scientists, researchers, and inventors create valuable
works, sharing and transferring those technologies to other
people and countries.
- Those are teachers who teach knowledge in the school
system and transmit knowledge about various areas of life to
students. They have gone through the process of learning and
understanding knowledge, so they have the ability and
enthusiasm to teach that valuable knowledge to their
students. As a result, their students have become talented and
successful people in many areas of life.
- Those images are people practising religions. They
dedicate their lives to teaching religious knowledge to help
people believe in their roots and practice goodness to
everyone. They do not for their benefit, so they do not teach
ignorant knowledge such a s praying, defaming and insulting

The Nature of Intelligence Has the Characteristics of Spreading the Values of
Sustainable Development

other religions. Instead, they teach people about love and
solidarity between people to give good values to each other.
- Those images are sages; they preach knowledge,
moral ideologies, and enlightened knowledge about the truth
of humans' origin and practice mission in the human world.
They dedicate their lives to helping and leading people to
learn and practice the mechan ism of sustainable
transformation.
Hey, my children! This type of wisdom is extraordinary
and valuable. Its power includes the power of the kind of
intelligence that creates sustainable development values. The
unique value of this type of intelligence is the power of
spreading and dissemina ting the values of sustainable
development to everyone and humanity.
Hey kids! If the tuelinhs and humans possess this type
of wisdom or have been transformed into this type of wisdom
from lower types of intellect, they will quickly attain the
unified Tao of the universe. At that time, they have the power
to operate destructive energy and create invaluable values to
help all things in and outside the universe develop
sustainably."