Chapter Sixty-Two

The Nature of Intelligence Has the
Characteristics of Solidarity to Spread the
Values of Sustainable Development

When the teacher finished teaching the type of wisdom
with the characteristics of spreading sustainable
development values, the children became curious and
observed each other. Perhaps they saw that the tuelinhs in the
temple had embryos of yin and yang en ergy with that
extraordinary wisdom characteristic, so they prepared to
continue the excitement and cheers. However, the teacher
said, “Hey, my children! Among you here, many tuelinhs have
that excellent energy embryo type, which is an obvious truth.
Therefore, it is not strange. I know you are delighted and
excited to see the fantastic things about yourself and each
other because those are special and wonderful things for the
existence and sustainable development of the universe. That
also shows that the s uccess of the transformation journey of
the tuelinhs and people with those particular types of wisdom
is faster than other tuelinhs.

Hey kids! The time for me to preach to you is almost
over because my physical form in the human world is about
to wake up. I have been teaching you a tremendous amount of
knowledge this time I have returned. It may be the first time I
have returned to preach so much wisdom for such a long time
while I am incarnating as a human being in the human world.
Therefore, I want you to focus and listen to me explain a
particular type of intelligence of the tuelinhs and humans
formed from a different kind of yin and yang energy embryo.
You must understand that the types of wisdom of the
tuelinhs and humans I teach you are all natural and exist in
the tuelinhs and humans. Even if it is the most valuable and
magical energy embryo, it still does not have the power to
detonate destructive energy in too large quantities. They only
have enough power and ability to blast a certain amount of
annihilation energy. The tuelinhs cannot move into the space
containing the energy of destruction because they will
disintegrate when moving there. When you can transform
your energy embryo into an energy filter, you can detonate
destructive energy in large quantities and move safely into
the annihilation energy space.
However, it is difficult for you to transform your yin and
yang energy embryos into energy filters, especially for
tuelinhs whose energy embryos are formed from negative
energy particles with strong, very strong, and super strong
electric waves. On the con trary, it will be easy for tuelinhs
whose energy embryos are formed from grey-white negative
energy particles with weak electric waves combined with
green positive particles with strong electric waves, fire -red

The Nature of Intelligence Has the Characteristics of Solidarity to Spread the Values of
Sustainable Development

positive particles with very strong electric waves, and yellow
positive energy particles with super strong electric waves.
The tuelinhs whose yin and yang energy embryos
create the wisdom nature of ignorance must need a longer
and more difficult journey to transform their yin and yang
embryos through each stage of the wisdom nature. This
means that for the tuelinh to have an e mbryo of energy with
the nature of wisdom of ignorance in spreading false
knowledge that can be transformed into an energy filter, it
must be: the original negative energy particle must reduce
electric waves and eliminate the toxins disappear to become
the grey-white negative energy particle with weak electric
waves; the original positive energy particle must regenerate
heat, electric waves and good elements to become the yellow
positive energy particle with super strong electric waves.
Converting electric waves of the positive particle must be
from weak to strong, reaching very strong and finally super
strong. On the contrary, the electric wave of the negative
energy particle must change from super strong to very strong,
then strong and ultimately weak. Tha t shows that tuelinhs
and humans have an intellectual nature whose energy
embryos are formed from the grey -white negative energy
particle with weak electric waves and the positive energy
particles with strong, very strong, and incredibly super strong
electric waves. They will be the tuelinhs and people with the
shortest practice journey in the human world and quickly
achieve achievements to transform yin and yang energy
embryos into energy filters.
Hey, my kids! Even though the intellectual nature of all
the yin and yang energy embryos is different, success is equal

for all tuelinhs and humans. Success only comes when people
diligently study and practice enlightened knowledge.
Therefore, even if you have the most excellent energy embryo
and do not learn and practice according to enlightened
expertise on the sustainable path of transformation, you will
be destroyed when moving into the space of destructive
energy. You are all the same when you move into space
containing annihilation energy; you are decomposed and
destroyed. In addition, they are all similar in that they all have
the opportunity to transform yin and yang energy embryos
into energy filters. The only difference is in the ability to
overcome suffering and tribulations.
Hey kids! The fact that you learn about the types of
wisdom of the tuelinhs and humans through the nature of yin
and yang energy embryos is not to compare and outperform
each other. I teach you this knowledge to help you understand
the secrets of yourself and other tuelinhs, as well as all things
and the energy of destruction . From there, you can control
and eliminate your toxins, then activate good elements to
practice the mechanism of producing positive energy
particles. Please remember what I said.
And now, I will continue to teach you about the unique
wisdom of the tuelinhs and humans formed from the nature
of yin and yang energy embryos. That is the type of
intelligence that unites each other to spread the values of
sustainable development to human ity and all things. That is
the most extraordinary intelligence of the tuelinhs and
humans created from a type of yin and yang energy embryo.
It combines a grey-white negative energy particle with weak

The Nature of Intelligence Has the Characteristics of Solidarity to Spread the Values of
Sustainable Development

electric waves and a yellow positive energy particle with
super strong electric waves.
You have also understood the information value of
grey-white negative energy particles with weak electric
waves. It is a miracle when this negative particle connects
with positive energy particles with strong, very strong and
super strong electric waves to create sustainable
development values for all things in the universe and the
tuelinhs. Therefore, I will not discuss the values of that
negative energy particle again. But what I want to tell you
more about the value of that negative energy particle is th e
magical balance of the negative energy particle. The balance
represents its non -greedy nature in absorbing heat and
information from its surroundings. Especially when linked to
powerful positive energy particles, it becomes even more
magical in its ability to balance and absorb information.
Hey kids! I often tell my students in the human world,
"Everyone should live like energy embryos with the grey -
white negative energy particle carrying weak electric waves
and positive energy particles with strong or stronger electric
waves. Living like grey-white negative energy particles means
learning valuable knowledge that promotes sustainable
development for everyone and society; that is, don't be greedy
and take everything about yourself like negative energy
particles with electric waves that are strong, very strong, and
super strong. Living in rapacity to gain for oneself only results
in decomposition and destruction. You live as positive energy
particles that live as green, fire -red, and yellow. It is to live a
human life with dedication and sacrifice to create sustainable
development values; it is to unite and spread them to

everyone and everything. Among the positive energy
particles, you should choose to live like yellow positive energy
particles with super strong electric waves."
On the other hand, do you remember the information
nature of the positive energy particle with super strong
electric waves? This type of energy particle has accurate and
comprehensive information value, super strong good
elements, super strong electric wav es, and super fast
vibration speed. In particular, it has the characteristic of
solidarity to spread the values of sustainable development to
all things and itself. Because of the power of such positive
energy particles, it has the best ability compared to other
positive energy particles in detonating destructive energy
particles. That means that the yellow positive energy particle
has the power to burst more destructive energy particles than
other positive energy particles in the same detonation
reaction.
When the tuelinhs have this type of yin and yang energy
embryo and incarnate as humans, they are the most
incredible people in humanity. Their greatness is
demonstrated by the power of the negative energy particle to
learn and cultivate positive information values diligently and
have the characteristics of sustainable development. In
particular, they understand and learn valuable lessons from
people ignorant of ideology and actions in spreading false
knowledge. In addition, their greatness is reflected in t he
positive energy particle. This ideology creates values
containing accurate information for sustainable development
and then unites people to spread those beautiful values to
humanity. The original positive energy particle controls the

The Nature of Intelligence Has the Characteristics of Solidarity to Spread the Values of
Sustainable Development

original negative energy particle; therefore, it can understand
all the natures of different types of matter and other people.
From there, it is easy to create values of sustainable
development and lead people to unite to spread their
sustainable development values.
After the practice journey in the human world, the
tuelinhs and humans with this type of yin and yang energy
embryo will mature quickly, and they are the tuelinhs who
attain the unified Tao of the universe the earliest compared to
other tuelinhs. Primarily through the chain reaction of uniting
people and teaching them knowledge, people with this yin
and yang energy embryo will produce countless positive
energy particles with super strong electric waves and in
sufficient quantities of negative energy particl es with weak
electric waves to help the tuelinh's synthetic particle
structure maintain the golden ratio of 1:1 between positive
and negative particles. This yin and yang energy embryo can
detonate more destructive energy particles than other yin
and yang energy embryos. Therefore, the heat from
explosions of annihilation energy helps them produce many
sustainable energy particles.
Hey kids! My yin and yang energy embryo is also
formed from the grey -white negative energy particle with
weak electric waves and the yellow positive particle with
super strong electric waves. But I was born and raised in an
environment of destructive energ y; therefore, I have the
power to detonate countless destructive particles while still
being safe. What I want to tell you is that my energy embryo
is entirely different from the tuelinhs also formed from that
type of yin and yang particles; that is, my embryo was formed

from two ancestral wave-particles, while your embryos were
formed from the particles that I produced. Therefore, all
tuelinhs born from my yin and yang embryo will be destroyed
if they move into the space of destructive energy, even if you
have this unique energy embryo. To avoid decomposition, you
have no other way but to transform the yin and yang energy
embryo into an energy filter.
The intellectual nature of the tuelinhs and humans who
have this type of yin and yang energy embryo is:
- They are intellectual people who understand the truth
of information, the value of right and wrong, and the value of
sustainable development or destruction even though they
have to live in an environment of negative and false
information. Therefore, they have the wisdom to understand
the nature and truth of all things, events and phenomena.
- They have the ability and intelligence to create values
characterized by sustainable development.
- They have the power to lead people to unite, which
aims to spread the values of sustainable development they
have created.
Do you know who they are in the human world? That
is:
- Enlightened beings and sages created systems of
enlightened knowledge and moral values that expressed the
truth about the origin and spiritual mission of the tuelinhs
and people in the human world. Besides, they are the people
who have the power to lead people to unite to spread that
excellent knowledge together.

The Nature of Intelligence Has the Characteristics of Solidarity to Spread the Values of
Sustainable Development

- They are people who have learned the enlightened
knowledge and moral values of the sages and enlightened
beings. Therefore, they dedicate their lives to uniting people
to spread enlightened expertise and knowledge that brings
moral values to everyone.
Hey, my children! Suppose all of you want to succeed in
transforming your yin and yang energy embryos into energy
filters. In that case, you must change your yin and yang energy
embryos into this unique type of energy embryo first. Then,
you must practice producing enough positive and negative
energy particles with the nature of those excellent yin and
yang particles. This sustainable process of particle production
will help you mature, and maturity must be based on the four
forms of Tao in the human world. When you are mature and
have a sufficient number of the best intellectual wave code
fibres in the yin and yang embryo, then you will be qualified
for me to help you transform the yin and yang energy embryo
into an energy filter. So, it is a journey where you must
persevere and try a lot.
Hey kids! It's time for me to return to my physical form.
Among you here, many tuelinhs are qualified to incarnate as
humans. I have entrusted the task of helping you transform
into humans to the two remaining messengers in heaven. I
hope you will soon meet me and my knowledge of the human
world."
When the teacher finished speaking, his body in the
human world also woke up. After the teacher woke up, he felt
the tuelinh preached knowledge to the tuelinhs in heaven for
a very long time. It is like he is teaching knowledge to his
students for many day s. That makes the teacher appreciate

when the tuelinh returns to heaven to teach wisdom so that
his body can absorb valuable messages and information for
training in the human world.