Chapter Sixty-Three

Mechanism and Journey of
Transformation of the Universe

At that time, the temperature in the classroom had
become warmer, even hotter than when everyone entered the
classroom while it was freezing outside. It is the numbing cold
of winter when the temperature drops sharply and is
accompanied by rain. Even though there is no heater in his
classroom, everyone feels the power of the heat radiating
from the Teacher, primarily when he lectures. At that time,
the students' bodies became hot and even sweaty even
though it was freezing.
When the Teacher was preparing to lecture, a student
stood up and asked, "Teacher, how happy it is for my family
and me that everything is stable. Before knowing your
knowledge, my family had a food restaurant, and we
slaughtered many animals, including pets and wild animals.
After a period of good business and a lot of money from it,
business started to decline more. Especially, I and my children
have symptoms of depression and loss of control. These
symptoms worsen even though we have treated them and

taken medicine. However, after your students shared and
advised me on how to learn and practice knowledge to heal
my illness and my children, it was amazing that our illness
was almost completely cured without having to take
medicine. Before joining your course, my family and I decided
to stop running the restaurant business because I understood
that the act of killing animals to get rich is a crime, and it
causes the soul inside to produce many negative energy
particles. Negative energy particles from ignorant actions are
the cause of mental health -related diseases for me and my
children. As a result, after a few months of studying in your
class, my children and I are healthy, and our lives have
changed because we have new, better jobs. Teacher, I want to
ask you whether we should be vegetarian or eat animal meat.
Does eating animal meat cause the soul to produce negative
energy particles?"
The Teacher said, "First, I want you to understand that
killing animals is a crime. It is the crime of killing and blocking
the path of practice and transmutation of an animal's body
and the soul inside. The act of killing animals will cause the
souls of s laughterers to produce black negative energy
particles with very strong electric waves. Those energy
particles will cause the energy particle structure in the soul to
become unbalanced, the toxins in the soul to increase, and the
vibration speed of the neg ative particle system to become
uncontrolled. As a result, destructive energy particles catch
the signal and enter to remove their excess heat. You know,
the manifestations of diseases related to mental health are
manifestations of the process of decay in the soul structure
inside the human body. Therefore, when you learn and

Mechanism and Journey of Transformation of the Universe

understand the two truths, you should not kill animals under
any circumstances.
Regarding the issue of eating animal meat or being
vegetarian, it is not essential on the path of practice in the
human world because it does not cause you to produce
harmful energy particles, and it also does not help you create
positive energy particles. Why? Food has only one mission: to
help you convert it into nutrients to nourish your body. Of
course, eating animal meat is not good and can even cause
diseases in the human body. The reason is that when animals
are killed, their souls become resentful, and their harmful
energy particles are generated and exist in meat cells.
Therefore, when humans eat their meat, the human body will
absorb those toxins. The accumulation of toxins from eating
animal meat will cause diseases in humans. Vegetarian diets,
from vegetables, tubers, fruits, and seeds, are perfect for the
human body because they do not have toxic energy like
animal meat. Why? Because the complex energy structures in
seeds, vegetables, tubers and fruits are only small, discrete
structures, they do not have intelligence like animal souls.
Therefore, when preparing food from them, those complex
energy structures will be converted into nutrition along with
the simple structures of cells of vegetables, seeds, tubers and
fruits without causing resentment.
Don't waste time analyzing, thinking and making
requests about eating and drinking in this short life. It only
wastes your valuable time instead of focusing on practising
sustainable energy particle production. As long as you don't
kill any animals and don 't ask relatives or someone else to
slaughter animals for food, that's what you need to do in life.

When someone invites you to eat or goes out to eat with
others, you should eat those dishes, whether they are
vegetarian dishes or dishes made from animal meat. Don't
insist and ask someone to prepare vegetarian dishes for you
because you don't eat animal meat. Remember, don't
slaughter animals and don't ask someone to kill animals for
your food."
"Master, people have many questions and concerns
regarding raising animals, growing plants, exploiting natural
resources and minerals, and how best to treat all things. We
often get confused when analyzing and explaining to people.
Therefore, I hope you will help us improve our understanding
of those issues." A student asked the teacher.
The teacher said, "I accept your offer. To help you and
everyone have a thorough approach and understanding of the
life of all things in and outside the universe, I will teach you
about the mechanism and journey of transformation of all
things.
When you study these lectures, you will have a deep
understanding of the knowledge of energy particles and the
two truths, especially the information values inside the
smallest energy particles. That is fantastic knowledge, and it
has helped you understand yourself and everyone else, all
things, and the energy of destruction. I am proud of your
dedication and ability to help people understand the two
truths. You are genuinely Nalandas, as you have given this
enlightened knowledge to everyone and humanity. T hese
things make me continue transforming the difficult
information values in particles and all things in the universe

Mechanism and Journey of Transformation of the Universe

into excellent lectures and knowledge to help you further
improve your enlightenment.
Do you know what the transmutation mechanism
means with the two truths? – It is the soul of the two truths
and the operating mechanism of the two truths. You have also
accessed part of the knowledge of the transformation
mechanism through previous lectures. However, today, I will
lecture in -depth on the mechanism and transmutation
journey of all things in and out of the universe so that you can
understand life and the struggle for survival of all life forms in
and out of the universe. By approaching and und erstanding
all things through their mechanism and journey of
transmutation, you will increase and gain the most excellent
enlightenment about all things in the universe. With this
knowledge, you will build the best and most solid path to
accelerate the pro cess of producing sustainable energy
particles. As a result, you will quickly attain the unified Tao of
the universe.
Do you know what transformation is? – It is a change in
the nature of all things and life forms. That change is the
change in information values within them.
Do you know what the transformation mechanism is? –
That is the nature of transforming information values within
all things and life forms when they participate in the
information reaction process. You also know that all things
are information because thro ugh the process of reaction
between all things, new information values are created, and
those information values are encoded and composed into new
energy particles. Thus, the transmutation mechanism is the
mechanism that produces energy particles of differ ent

natures after the reaction and interaction of things with each
other in different environments.
Participating in the transmutation mechanism of all
things and life forms includes factors such as:
- Physical entities or entities of life include ancestral
wave-particles, destructive energy particles, energy particles
with electric waves, yin and yang energy embryos, larger
physical structures, tuelinhs, souls, people, planets, galaxies,
and the entire universe.
- Environment includes environment without heat,
environment with positive heat, and environment with
negative heat.
- The movement and interaction reactions of all things
and living things exist for a certain period to produce new
energy particles with new information value.
Now, please join me in following the transformation
journey of all things in and out of the universe from the
appearance of ancestral wave-particles until the first tuelinh
attains the unifying Tao of the universe. After that, you will
understand what the transformation mechanism consists of
and the nature of each mechanism.
Please close your eyes and think you are the smallest
energy particle with great power, like positive energy
particles with super strong electric waves. Then, move and
abide in the tuelinh within me, Nalas Nalanda. And now, I am
returning to the past to he lp you explore the transformation
journey of all things.
Look, do you see anything? – Those are ancestral wave-
particles. They are born from singularities in space with no

Mechanism and Journey of Transformation of the Universe

positive or negative heat. Space without heat causes them to
move without spinning around themselves. Instead, they
move slowly and in spiral orbits. That's the moving trajectory
formed when they were born from singularities. Maybe a
push from within the s ingularity caused them to move like
that after they were born. However, after they moved for a
long time, they transformed and no longer ran in a spiral orbit.
The wave-particles have transformed into destructive energy
particles after moving and changing their nature in a heatless
environment. Thus, wave-particles no longer exist after
transforming into annihilation particles. You keep looking;
the wave-particles continue to move in space with many
destructive energy particles and transform into annihilation
particles. Explosions of destructive energy appeared, and the
wave-particles moved into small spaces containing hot and
cold heat. Miraculously, the wave-particles were transformed
into energy particles with positive and negative electric
waves. Those wave-particles no longer exist after they are
transformed into energy particles with different information
values, such as annihilation particles and particles with
positive and negative electric waves. At singular points, wave-
particles are born and continue to transform into destructive
energy particles. Thus, the only transformation path of wave-
particles after birth is to change their nature and encode
information in different environments to form other energy
particles. It is a transformation process to upgrade the value
of internal data and create a diversity of life in and outside the
universe. The lo ss of a wave-particle is not annihilation and
ceasing to exist; instead, it still exists, but it has evolved to
become a more intelligent physical structure.

Look at the space of the energy of destruction. The
annihilation particles exist independently and are not
connected to become a physical structure more extensive
than the smallest energy particle structure. They live and
move in endless space, increasing in number because of the
evolution of wave-particles in a non-thermal environment. Do
you see anything? The annihilation particles have just been
detonated, creating an area of positive and negative heat.
They burst because they experience increased heat a fter
moving and gathering in dense density. When they are
detonated, the annihilation particles become hot heat, and
they no longer exist in the structure of particulate matter. The
heat from the detonated destructive energy particles has
become an ideal e nvironment for wave-particles to move in,
and information reactions occur to evolve into energy
particles with positive electric waves. In addition, that heat
also promotes the change in the nature of the wave-particle
when the wave-particle moves through a hot thermal
environment before moving through a non -thermal
environment and becoming a negative energy particle in the
cold medium. Look, when they stop moving for a long time
and do not gather in dense density, the destructive energy
particles have cooled themselves and are no longer at risk of
being detonated. In particular, they discharge excess heat
very quickly when they move into an environment with
negative heat. Thus, life forms of destructive energy particles
have two paths of transmutation: one is to be detonated to
become hot heat and become an ideal environment for the
development of other forms of matter; the second is to
continue to exist and survive if they can get rid of excess heat

Mechanism and Journey of Transformation of the Universe

inside. Looking at the two transformation mechanisms of
destructive energy particles, you have seen that they cannot
evolve to become more significant and sustainable physical
structures. Instead, they must fight for their survival in the
smallest particle structures.
Do you see anything? - They are the smallest particles
of positive and negative energy. They are formed from the
evolution of ancestral wave-particles when the wave-
particles move in an environment with heat and a variety of
information reactions. Energy particles with electric waves
are a material structure with greater intelligence and encoded
information value than destructive energy particles. Those
are energy particles t hat have positive and negative electric
waves with a rotation mechanism and a linki ng mechanism,
while annihilation particles do not have those two
mechanisms. Movement mechanisms exist because of the
difference in intelligence and information values encoded
within the intellectual wave code between different types of
energy particles. L ook, the harmful energy particles have
been assimilated and become destructive energy particles.
The annihilation energy particles formed from being
assimilated are different from the annihilation particles
formed from wave-particles: the intellectual wave code of the
assimilated annihilation particle is not green; it rots and
becomes brown. Positive energy particles with weak electric
waves are also assimilated and become destructive particles.
However, positive energy particles with stronger electric
waves were detonated when attacked by annihilation energy.
Annihilation and positive particles with strong electric waves
are detonated and become hot heat. Do you see anything?

The smallest positive and negative energy particles
have linked together to become a physical structure more
extensive than the smallest energy particle, even though they
are disintegrated by destructive energy particles later. Look,
that's the magical embryo of yin and yang energy that creates
the universe; It is formed by a grey -white negative energy
particle with weak electric waves and a super -strong yellow
positive energy particle. It is a physical structure more
extensive than the smallest energy part icle in terms of both
intelligence and informational values. Therefore, the energy
embryo will have its operating mechanisms. So, you have seen
that energy particles with electric waves have a mechanism of
transformation in the following directions: one is that positive
and negative energy particles bond together to develop into a
physical structure with evolution and development in terms
of information and intelligence; second, they are decomposed
and destroyed by the energy of destruction. Remember, the
heat from the detonation of destructive energy particles is the
ideal environment and great information value to create the
smallest energy particles with electric waves and evolution of
information value compared to annihilation energy particles
and wave-particles. In addition, with the bonding and rotation
mechanism, the yin and yang energy particles have linked
together to become a material structure with more
intelligence than the smallest energy particle, which is the yin
and yang energy embryo.
Please observe the wonderful yin and yang energy
embryo of the universe. Have you seen any phenomena? That
yin and yang energy embryo continuously reacts with the
destructive energy particles, detonating all the annihilation

Mechanism and Journey of Transformation of the Universe

particles that attack it. The smallest energy particles are
produced from that energy embryo after an explosive
reaction with destructive energy. Those reactions have
occurred over time; the yin and yang embryo made countless
energy particles with negative , positive, and neutral electric
waves. That helps that energy embryo become a giant energy
sphere with numerous smallest energy particles inside, and in
the middle is a supreme soul. In the centre of that tuelinh is a
mature energy embryo with a synthetic energy particle
structure system outside. Continuing to undergo destructive
energy detonation reactions on an increasingly larger scale
over a long period, the first tuelinh and the energy sphere
became giant and great. The first tuelinh has become a mature
tuelinh, and the sphere contains countless types of energy
particles with negative, positive, and neutral electric waves.
So, you know, that magical yin and yang energy embryo
transforms in the direction of producing many energy
particles with different yin and yang electric waves. Then, the
most valuable energy particles are linked to form a composite
energy particle structure outside the mature energy embryo.
They are constantly growing and are closely linked to the
original energy embryo within the mature energy embryo. As
a result, a baby tuelinh is born and then becomes an adult
tuelinh. In addition, all the smallest energy particles in the
giant energy sphere were taken from the energy embryo of
that tuelinh. Did you realize anything from the transformation
process of that miraculous energy embryo? It is a reaction
process that detonates destructive energy to create heat and
the power of new information values. Then, that energy
embryo absorbed heat and new information values for the

production of countless smallest particles. Thus, heat from
the detonation of destructive particles and information values
through detonation reactions and movement of particles in
the energy sphere have created evolution and development
from an energy emb ryo into a mature tuelinh and a cosmic
sphere. That is the most excellent transmutation mechanism
in the history of the universe. That remarkable
transformation is accomplished through the emergence of a
new movement mechanism, production, in which heat an d
information play an essential role in the transformation
process.
The first tuelinh is gathering yin and yang energy
embryos with super complex intelligence wave codes to help
them develop into baby wisdom spirits. Then, he placed those
energy embryos into unique gem crystals in the cave of the
central planet. Next, he p rovided heat from the enormous
explosion outside the cosmic energy sphere to help those
energy embryos mature. As a result, tuelinh babies are born.
Over time, the central planet has had many tuelinhs; they
were all children. The children have been having difficulty
practising detonating annihilation particles to absorb heat to
produce and link their energy particles. That makes them face
significant challenges in developing intellectually and
encoding the information values inside. While their Father is
the first tuelinh, he has the miraculous power to detonate
destructive energy. The children were disintegrated and
destroyed when they practised blasting destructive energy
particles in areas in the universe containing annihilation
particles. So, what have y ou seen from the transformation
process of those tuelinh children? They are formed from yin

Mechanism and Journey of Transformation of the Universe

and yang energy embryos, and their structure has developed
in intelligence and information values through the
mechanism of production - link and rotation mechanism. The
tuelinh children have two transformation mechanisms:
decomposition and destruction; the second is to maintain
existence and develop slowly but cannot avoid decay when
attacked by destructive energy. In contrast, the first tuelinh
had a sustainable transmutation mechanism that could
magically detonate annihilation particles.
You continue to observe the journey of the first tuelinh
to build planets and galaxies. Do you see anything? He has
assembled small physical structures formed from mature
energy embryos with simple intellectual wave codes; then, he
uses complex energy grou ps to connect simple physical
structures to planets. To create a gravitational force and
magnetic field for each planet, he placed a rare gem crystal -
like pyramid in the centre of each planet. Complex energy and
rock crystals have helped simple physical st ructures be
tightly linked. Over a long period in building planets, the
universe has had countless galaxies. They are all
interconnected and connected to the central planet so that the
entire universe revolves around that central planet. Look,
some planets are disintegrated by destructive energy;
complex energy groups are also disintegrated by annihilation
energy. You see, the first tuelinh still had to create reactions
that detonated annihilation energy to create heat to serve the
development and existence of all life in the universe. So, how
do you see the transformation mechanism of planets and the
entire universe? It is a transmutation mechanism with
increased information and intelligence values of life forms

and all matter in the universe, including complex and simple
matter. From simple energy particles developing into mature
energy embryos, planets, and galaxies, everything must go
through the mechanism of production - connection and
rotation, especially the operation and creation of the first
tuelinh with transcendent intelligence when creating the
connection between simple physical structures into planets
by complex energy. That is a new creation and development
in the transformation journey of the universe . It is the
residence and existence in each other between simple matter
and complex matter so that they can develop and become
more muscular physical structures in terms of intelligence
and information value. Hey you, the planets and all things in
the univ erse have two paths of transmutation: one is to be
decomposed and destroyed by the energy of destruction;
second, they are linked together to coexist and develop
intellectually and in terms of information values.
Hey you, we continue to explore the earth's habitat
after the first tuelinh created the first experiment. It is an
experiment in making connections between simple and
complex physical structures to analyze their transformation
mechanisms. It is the first r esearch stage before bringing
tuelinhs to incarnate as practitioners in the human world. Do
you see anything? Trees and vegetation systems are formed.
They are formed from simple energy embryos and, within
them, are nourished by complex energy embryos. The
purpose of this research on the first tuelinh is to see how the
reaction of detonation of destructive particles and the
maturation of physical structures when combining energy

Mechanism and Journey of Transformation of the Universe

embryos with different intellectual wave codes into one form
of a new life form.
As a result, you can see that big trees and forests have
been formed, and the vegetation system has developed
wonderfully. That has shown the rapid development of simple
physical structures when complex energy structures reside
within them. In addition, co mplicated, intelligent energy
structures have been formed after living within trees, rocks
and vegetation systems. These are soul structures with high
levels of intelligence in large tree trunks, rocky soil and
ancient trees. Complex energy groups exist in systems of
vegetation and small trees. The first tuelinh was amazed at
the miraculous speed at which complex energy structures
developed when embedded in tree trunks, rocks, and
vegetation systems. He was extremely surprised by the rapid
growth and evolut ion of simple and complex matter groups.
In particular, the group of complex matter has developed
significantly in terms of intelligence and encoded information
to become souls. His first experiment was successful when he
saw the power of compression and p ressure of the living
environment to help energy structures carry out the change
mechanism towards sustainable development. That is how
complex physical structures blast destructive energy to
promote their maturation. Thus, through the first
experimental p hase, the first tuelinh achieved outstanding
achievements when complex physical structures became
intelligent souls through living in simple physical structures.
However, many complex physical structures have decayed
and destroyed because they did not have enough power to
detonate the destructive energy.

Let's observe the second stage of research of the first
tuelinh. Look, the first tuelinh created different animals, and
they were diverse in species. Many species live underground,
many species live underwater, many species live on the
ground, and many species fly above. The first tuelinh created
each animal from the connection of simple physical structures
and intelligent soul structures from the souls of trees or
complex energy embryo structures from the universe. During
this period, he wanted to understand clearly and in detail the
transformation mechanism of complex soul structures
residing within simple material structures. However, unlike
the previous research phase, using simple physical structures
that cannot move, like trees and rocks; During this period, he
created simple physical structures capable of movement,
which are animals. The aim is to increase the complexity and
compactness of interspecies reactions. From there, he will see
the difference more clearly in the ability to react to detonate
destructive energy and the evolution of the complex physical
structures that are souls. Having spent a long time observing
the reactions and interactions between animals, he noticed
that there was differentiation and different development
between the soul structures of animals:
- Many animal souls produce too many excess harmful
energy particles. That leads to an imbalance of energy
particles in their structure, and they are quickly attacked by
destructive energy and subsequently disintegrate. They are
animals that kill and eat other species.
- Many animal souls have the power to produce positive
energy particles with stronger electric waves. Therefore, they
develop rapidly intellectually and have the power to detonate

Mechanism and Journey of Transformation of the Universe

destructive energy. They are animals that do not kill other
species; they help and save many other animals.
After seeing the remarkable intellectual development
of souls in particle production and the transformation
mechanisms of animal souls, he saw the value of creating an
environment with high compression and pressure to help the
tuelinhs learn and practice t he mechanism of sustainable
energy particle production. Therefore, he decided to bring
tuelinhs to incarnate as humans to practice in the human
world.
After humans domesticated animals for a long time,
animals contributed and helped humans in labour and
production. This process has helped their souls encode super
complex information values to produce more valuable energy
particles than before. As a resul t, many animal souls were
transmuted into tuelinh structures. After that, they incarnate
into humans and practise with other tuelinhs. That is the most
miraculous evolution and development of complex energy
structures when they reside in the simple physica l form of
trees and rocks; then, they are established in the form of
animals; finally, they were incarnated as a human to practice
transforming yin and yang energy embryos into energy filters.
And now, please open your eyes.
How do you feel about the transformation journey of
wave-particles until humanity appears and lives in a world
with extreme compression and pressure?"
A student said, "Teacher, I find the development of
things and life forms very intense because of how they
interact and react. To survive and develop, species, life forms,
the tuelinhs and humans must create reactions that detonate

destructive energy particles. That seems difficult for humans
when they cannot see the destructive and smallest energy
particles. However, I feel peaceful and free after discovering
the transformation journey of all things in the universe
through your lecture. I realize that life and all interactions are
information reactions. My task is to purge toxic information
in the soul and re -encode positive information that brings
development."
The teacher continued, "That's right. The essence of
transmutation is the process of encoding information values
to create new energy particles. Encoding information and
producing energy particles have made a transformation
mechanism with two clear directi ons: change towards
sustainable development and transformation in the direction
of decay and destruction.
When practising the transformation mechanism in the
direction of decay and destruction, life forms will decay and
be destroyed by destructive energy when they produce too
much and have excess harmful energy particles. This
transformation mechanism shows th e intellectual nature of
all things and life forms in the universe; wisdom contains
many toxins and false information values and is not conducive
to sustainable development.
When practising the mechanism of change in the
direction of sustainable development, life forms will develop
and evolve in intelligence and information values through the
production of sustainable energy particles. This change
mechanism helps life forms ha ve the ability to detonate
destructive energy particles.

Mechanism and Journey of Transformation of the Universe

The most special and miraculous thing in the
transformation journey of all things in the universe is the
evolution and development of the yin and yang energy
embryo structures with complex intellectual wave code. The
complex energy structures developed and became an
intelligent soul after bein g established in a simple material
structure in an environment with excellent compression and
pressure. After that, they continue to reside in the animal
form and practice the transmutation mechanism. The miracle
is that through the sustainable change mechanism, they have
upgraded their energy particle system's intelligence and
information value to become tuelinhs. Finally, those tuelinhs
were incarnated as humans to practice with the tuelinhs from
the central planet.
All things are equal and can change to become the most
excellent and sustainable energy structure, that is, to become
a tuelinh who attains the unifying Tao of the universe through
practice environment in a simple physical form on this earth.
The tuelinh l ife form and the soul life form formed from
complex energy particles must live in simple physical form to
practice a sustainable transformation mechanism and
become immortal tuelinh. On the contrary, simple physical
structures rely on the abiding of souls, tuelinhs and complex
energy groups for them to exist and develop sustainably. It is
about relying on each other to transform together
sustainably.
So, have you understood the values that animals, plants,
rocks, and all things bring to humans? If you want to
disintegrate and destroy the inner tuelinh according to the
mechanism of transformation destruction, you should

practice a life of destroying other lives. On the contrary, if you
want to develop your inner tuelinh and wisdom to become
immortal and attain the unified Tao of the universe through
the mechanism of sustainable transmutation, you should give
to all things, all species, tuelinhs, and people with sustainable
development values."