Chapter Sixty-Four

The Tuelinh's Journey of Transformation

At that time, the class was full of students, and the
teacher was preparing to lecture while some were talking to
each other about the souls of animals. They were surprised to
learn the truth about animal souls being upgraded and
transformed into tuelinhs and then incarnating as humans to
practice the incarnations of the tuelinhs in the human world.
Their stories show they were highly excited and saw the
miracle when embryos of yin and yang energy with complex
intellectual wave codes became the tuelinhs thr ough abiding
in the form of trees, rocks and soil, and then there are the
animals. In particular, they realize the value of a practice
environment with pressure, compression, and harshness in
helping the souls of animals and the tuelinhs transmute in the
direction of sustainable development.
Seeing the students talking and expressing surprise, the
teacher interrupted, "That's why people should not kill
animals and destroy life forms on this planet. Killing animals,
destroying mountains, cutting down forests, and mining rocks
and minerals in th e ground are destroying the practice
environment of souls. It's like someone killed you, and the

soul inside lost the opportunity to practice in your current
human life. Not only that, your soul will be greatly affected on
your transformation journey."
After the class became quiet and everyone was
attentively waiting for the teacher to continue speaking, the
teacher said: "In previous lessons, you have learned about the
intellectual nature of the tuelinhs, formed from different yin
and yang energy embryos. That is an advantage and a great
thing to help you easily understand the tuelinh's
transformation journey when incarnating as a practitioner in
the human world. In this lecture, I will continue to help you
understand the transmutation journey of the tuelinh through
the intellectual nature of the yin and yang energy embryo that
forms the tuelinh. That means through different information
environments and interactive scenarios in the four forms of
the Tao with extreme pressures, compressions and
harshness, the tuelinhs will reveal their path of
transformation. The change mechanism includes two paths:
one is the path of transformation, decay, and destruction; the
second is the path of sustainable transmutation. Each path of
change will show a different destin ation. Therefore, we will
see the destination of the path of transformation that we and
everyone else are practising. From there, we will know
whether we should continue practising that path of
transformation or reform and change from ideology to action
to enter the path of sustainable transmutation.
1 - The transformation journey of the group of tuelinhs
with ignorant wisdom in ideology.
The path of transformation of this group of tuelinhs is a
path of strong decay and destruction.

The Tuelinh’s Journey of Transformation

Those are tuelinhs formed from energy embryos with
the grey negative particle carrying strong electric waves and
the ivory -white positive energy particle carrying weak
electric waves, or the green positive particle carrying strong
electric waves, or the fi re-red positive particle carrying very
strong electric waves, or the yellow positive particle carrying
super strong electric waves.
During the first lives of the tuelinhs with this type of
energy embryo in the human world, the natural nature of
their transformation path was revealed and clearly expressed
as follows:
- The original negative energy particle of this group of
energy embryos has strong toxins, a lot of false information
value and destructive properties, strong negative heat and
fast vibration speed, making it easy for destructive energy to
catch the signal to attack and discharge their excess heat.
From the information nature of this negative energy particle,
after it connects with positive energy particles with different
electric waves, they form a yin and yang energy embryo with
the nature of ignorant wisdom in the ideology. It is a negative
and selfish ideology about oneself that harms people, animals
and all things. However, the level of harm and destruction is
not great, there is no killing, and the scale of damage is not
significant.
- The negative energy particle of this type of energy
embryo has strong electric waves; therefore, it causes the
positive energy particle with which it is linked to change its
nature when interacting in the four forms of Tao. With the
natural nature of thi s type of energy embryo, whether
tuelinhs live and interact in positive or harmful

environments, they change the nature of the original yang
energy particle in their yin and yang embryo. That is:
+ The ivory-white original positive energy particle with
weak electric waves maintains its energy state.
+ The green original positive energy particle with
strong electric waves will transform into an ivory -white
positive energy particle with weak electric waves. The good
elements, sustainable development values, high vibration
speed, and heat of the green particle are no longer there.
+ The fire -red original positive energy particle with
very strong electric waves will transform into an ivory-white
positive energy particle with weak electric waves. The good
elements, the values that spread the values of sustainable
development, the very fast vibration speed and the heat of the
fire-red particle are no longer there.
+ The yellow original positive energy particle with
super strong electric waves will turn into an ivory -white
positive energy particle with weak electric waves. The good
elements, the values of solidarity to spread the values of
sustainable development, an d the super strong vibration
speed and heat of the yellow particle are no longer there.
- During the first human lives, these tuelinhs produced
grey harmful energy particles with strong electric waves in
greater quantity and abundance than the positive energy
particles. The positive particles produced during this stage
are all positive particles whose nature has been changed, and
their energy state is all ivory white. As a result, the synthetic
energy particle structure outside the mature yin and yang
embryo begins to appear as clusters of positive energy

The Tuelinh’s Journey of Transformation

particles, with many harmful energy particles rotating around
each positive energy particle.
It would help if you remembered that when tuelinhs
have not yet transformed into humans, their particle
structure is still balanced in the ratio of a negative particle
rotating around a positive particle. The nature of the yin and
yang particles is the sam e as the embryo's original yin and
yang particles. The reason is that the tuelinhs are provided
heat and support from the first tuelinh to ensure their particle
production usually occurs. However, during the first stages of
practice in the human world, their synthetic particle structure
began to change both the positive and synthetic particle
structures.
Over many subsequent lives of practice, the nature of
the wisdom of ignorance in the ideology has developed
stronger by the process of absorbing toxic and false
information from the outside environment. The result is:
- The original positive energy particle of the tuelinh
becomes weakened and has no power to control the negative
energy particle that absorbs information from the outside
environment.
- The original negative energy particle increases
toxicity and its level of destruction.
- The tuelinh loses control in producing too many
excess grey harmful energy particles with strong electric
waves. In contrast, positive energy particles are not created
or are only produced in a few quantities. That causes the
synthetic energy particle structure outside the mature energy
embryo to have many harmful energy particles at each
positive particle cluster point.

- The tuelinh becomes disconnected in the particle
structure because of the attack to discharge the excess heat of
the destructive energy. That causes the tuelinhs to become
even more out of control, and the process of decomposition
and destruction begins to take place fiercely for those
tuelinhs.
Thus, after many lifetimes of practice in the human
world, whether in a positive environment or a harmful
environment, the tuelinhs with ignorant wisdom in the
ideological system become tuelinhs with a level of
decomposition in strong level.

The Tuelinh’s Journey of Transformation

The negative energy multiparticle structure at the
strong level of the tuelinhs is formed from a group of the
tuelinhs with ignorant intelligence in the ideological system.
It is also formed from a group of the tuelinhs with intelligence
that is vibrated and manipulated.
From the natural nature of the ignorant wisdom of the
tuelinhs formed from the yin and yang energy embryo with
the grey negative particle carrying strong electric waves, their
next transformation journey in the human world will be:
- The ivory -white original positive energy particle in
the embryo still only has weak electric waves and is weaker.
- The original negative energy particle will transform
into a black particle with very strong electric waves, and black
negative particles will be produced in excess to form the
structure of the tuelinh. Next, the original negative energy
particle will be transformed into a blood-red negative energy
particle with super strong electric waves, and these blood-red
particles will be produced in excessive and excessive
quantities.
Thus, the natural nature of the path of transmutation of
the tuelinh with ignorant wisdom in the ideological system is
decay and destruction. To be wholly decomposed and
destroyed, their original negative energy particle must go
through a journey of change to become a black negative
particle with very strong electric waves and then a blood-red
negative particle with super strong electric waves.
However, when the people and tuelinhs with ignorant
wisdom in ideology fully experience the sufferings and
tribulations resulting from the toxins and actions they have
created, they will change their path of transformation after

meeting and learning enlightened knowledge. At that time,
they will believe in and practice eliminating toxins by
practising the mechanism of producing positive energy
particles on the path of sustainable transformation. Thus,
those tuelinhs only sustainab ly practice the path of
transformation when they experience all the sufferings and
tribulations in the four forms of the Tao. It is an excellent and
happy thing for them when they abandon the path of
transmutation, decay and destruction to achieve sustaina ble
transformation.
2 - The transmutation journey of the tuelinh group has
the wisdom of ignorance in action.
The path of transformation of this group of the tuelinhs
is a path of decay and destruction at a very strong level.
Those are tuelinhs formed from energy embryos with a
black negative particle carrying very strong electric waves
and an ivory -white positive energy particle carrying weak
electric waves, or a green positive particle carrying strong
electric waves, or a fire-red positive particle with very strong
electric waves, or a yellow positive particle with super strong
electric waves.
During the first lives of the tuelinhs with this type of
energy embryo in the human world, the natural nature of
their transformation path was revealed and clearly expressed
as follows:
- The original negative energy particle of this group of
energy embryos has very strong toxins, a lot of false
information value and destructive properties, very strong
negative heat and very fast vibration speed, making the
destructive energy easy to atta ck in large numbers and

The Tuelinh’s Journey of Transformation

discharge their excess heat. From the informational nature of
this type of negative energy particle, after it connects with
positive energy particles with different electric waves, they
form a yin and yang energy embryo with the nature of
ignorant wisdom i n action. Those actions for one's own
benefit harm people, animals and all things. Those harms are
on a large scale and include acts of killing people, animals and
living things.
- The original negative energy particle of this type of
energy embryo has very strong electric waves; therefore, it
causes the original positive energy particle with which it is
linked to change its nature when interacting in the four forms
of Tao. With the natural nature of this type of energy embryo,
whether tuelinhs live and interact in positive or harmful
environments, they change the nature of the original yang
energy particle in their yin and yang embryo. That is the
change from the yellow positive pa rticle with super strong
electric waves, from the fire -red positive particle with very
strong electric waves, from the green positive particle with
strong electric waves to an ivory -white positive energy
particle with weak electric waves.
- During the first lives of these tuelinhs in the human
world, the natural natures in their yin and yang embryos are
revealed in all interactions of the four forms of Tao. The
tuelinh began to appear many clusters of energy particles
surrounded by many har mful energy particles with very
strong electric waves. Then, each cluster point of positive
particles has many black negative energy particles. Besides,
positive energy particles are produced less than negative
particles, and the electric waves of positive particles are weak

and have an ivory -white colour. We still have to remember
that, before incarnating as humans, these tuelinh children still
had a 1:1 ratio of yin and yang energy particles in their
structure because they were provided with heat and help
from the first tuelinh in the process of formation and maturity
in heaven. However, when incarnated as a human, the original
positive particle has turned into an ivory -white positive
particle with weak electric waves. In contrast, the black
negative particle still has very s trong electric waves. That
causes the nature of ignorance in action to develop more and
more because of the influence and decay from the excess heat
of destructive energy attacking in large quantities.
During the subsequent lives of tuelinhs in the human
world, the speed at which this group of tuelinhs encode
malicious and misleading information from the outside
environment becomes faster and more uncontrolled. Since
then, actions have hurt and destroyed the lives of humans,
animals and all living things on a large scale, and the damage
has become more serious. That causes a large amount of
destructive energy to capture vibrational signals from the
tuelinh's negative particle system to attack. The result is:
- These tuelinhs become disconnected in their large -
scale structure, and the information waves in the tuelinhs do
not circulate; therefore, the warmth in the tuelinhs gradually
disappears, and they cannot detonate any destructive energy
particles.
- The harmful black energy particles with very strong
electric waves are produced in excess, while positive energy
particles are produced too little, and their electric waves are
weak.

The Tuelinh’s Journey of Transformation

- The synthetic particle structure outside the mature
energy embryo has too many negative energy multiparticle
clusters with very strong electric waves.
- The original positive energy particle is increasingly
weakened. It cannot participate in the reactions that control
the process of absorbing information from the external
environment of the original negative energy particle. Of
course, the initial positi ve particle cannot detonate the
destructive energy particle.
- The original negative energy particle increases
toxicity and vibration speed by absorbing large amounts of
harmful and misleading information from the outside
environment.
The process of practising the mechanism of
transformation, decomposition and destruction at such a very
strong level during the lives of practice in the human world
has caused the tuelinhs to have many negative particles in the
positive particle clusters, and they are like people with
metastatic cancer. In negative multiparticle clusters, toxic
radiation always occurs and causes damage to nearby energy
structures.

The Tuelinh’s Journey of Transformation

Please remember the negative energy multiparticle
structure at the very strong level of the tuelinhs is formed
from groups of tuelinhs with the wisdom of ignorance in
action. It is also created from the transformation process of
groups of tuelinhs with wisdom easily vibrated and
manipulated, and the tuel inh group has ignorant wisdom in
ideology.
With the natural nature of the group of the tuelinhs
having ignorant wisdom in such actions and going through
the next lives on their practice journey in the human world,
their level of decay and destruction will become stronger.
That is, the original nega tive energy particle in the energy
embryo becomes a negative particle with super strong
electric waves after absorbing too much toxic and false
information; the original positive energy particle becomes
weak and no longer has any strength. The synthetic pa rticle
structure in the tuelinh has many clusters of negative
multiparticles with blood-red negative particles having super
strong electric waves. That means that the destination of the
path of destruction and disintegration of this group of
tuelinhs becomes closer.
Thus, the group of tuelinhs with the nature of ignorant
wisdom in action has a stronger level of negative
multiparticles and decomposition than the group of tuelinhs
with the wisdom of ignorance in the ideology system.
However, if the tuelinhs and people who have the
nature of wisdom of ignorance in action fully experience all
the sufferings and tribulations and then encounter
enlightened knowledge, they will be saved. That means they
will believe in enlightened knowledg e when they have

identified their toxins. Next, they became enthusiastic about
learning and practising the positive energy particle
production mechanism. As a result, they leave the path of
transmutation decay and destruction and enter the path of
sustainable transformation.
3 - The transformation journey of the tuelinh group with
ignorant wisdom in spreading false knowledge.
The path of transmutation of this group of tuelinhs is a
path of decomposition and destruction at a super strong level.
Those are tuelinhs formed from energy embryos with a
blood-red negative energy particle carrying super strong
electric waves and an ivory -white positive energy particle
with weak electric waves, or a green positive energy particle
carrying strong electric waves, or a fire -red positive particle
carrying very strong electric waves, or a yellow positive
particle carrying super strong electric waves.
During the first lives of the tuelinhs with this type of
energy embryo in the human world, the natural nature of
their transformation path was revealed and clearly expressed
as follows:
- The original negative energy particle of this group of
energy embryos has super strong toxins, too much false
information value and destructive properties; super strong
negative heat and super fast vibration speed make the
destructive energy easy to atta ck in very large numbers and
discharge their excess heat. From the informational nature of
this type of negative energy particle, after it is linked with
positive energy particles with different electric waves, they
form a yin and yang energy embryo with t he nature of
ignorant wisdom in spreading false knowledge. Those are

The Tuelinh’s Journey of Transformation

actions that teach false knowledge about sustainable
development, the origin and practice mission of humans in
the human world, methods of practice, and methods that
cause division in the community connection of man and
humanity. The damage is immense as i t spreads across the
globe and many lifetimes. That damages the lives of humans,
animals, and all living things, especially the decay and
destruction of the tuelinh.
- The negative energy particle of this type of energy
embryo has super strong electric waves; therefore, it causes
the positive energy particle with which it is linked to change
its nature when interacting in the four forms of Tao. With the
natural nature of this type of energy embryo, whether
tuelinhs live and interact in positive or toxic environments,
they change the nature of the original yang energy particle in
their yin and yang embryo. That is the change from the yellow
positive particle with super s trong electric waves, from the
fire-red positive particle with very strong electric waves, from
the green positive particle with strong electric waves to an
ivory-white positive energy particle with weak electric waves.
- In the first lives of these tuelinhs in the human world,
the natural natures on the path of transformation are clearly
expressed through four forms of Tao. That is, the tuelinhs
produce too many excess harmful energy particles with super
strong electric waves. At the same time, too few positive
energy particles are produced, and the electric waves of the
positive particles are weak. As a result, the composite particle
structure of the tuelinh appears to have particle clusters with
too many blood -red negative particles rotating around each
ivory-white positive energy particle. That causes the

destructive energy to capture large vibrational signals from
the harmful particles and attack them in huge numbers. That
differs from their synthetic particle structure before
incarnating as humans to practice when they had a 1:1 ratio
of yin and yang particles because the first tuelinh helped
them.
Over many subsequent lives of practice in the human
world, the nature of the ignorant wisdom of this group of
tuelinhs makes their path of transformation more fierce.
These tuelinhs produce too many harmful energy particles
with super strong electric waves , while too few positive
energy particles are produced. In addition to their synthetic
energy particle structure being negative multiparticles and
disintegrating at super -powerful levels, they have caused
damage and destruction to other life to the greatest extent. As
a matter of necessity, the particle structure in the tuelinh is
broken, and a severe decay occurs due to the attack of
destructive energy in large quantities.

The Tuelinh’s Journey of Transformation

The negative energy multiparticle structure at the
super strong level of the tuelinhs is formed from the tuelinh
group with ignorant wisdom in spreading false knowledge. It
is also created from the transformation process of the
tuelinh group with the wisdom of ignorance in action, the
tuelinh group with ignorance in ideology, and the tuelinh
group with intellect that is easily vibrated and manipulated.
When there is no intervention from the first tuelinh,
these tuelinhs consistently demonstrate the nature of
ignorant wisdom in spreading false knowledge. That makes
producing harmful energy particles with super strong electric
waves faster and more intense , while positive energy
particles are not produced. It causes the synthetic particle
structure to become negative multiparticles and disintegrate
super powerfully. At that time, too many toxins and negative
heat were inside the tuelinh structure; therefore , those toxic
yin particles were copied and bombarded into the
surrounding environment. The people, tuelinhs, souls, and
other physical structures near these people will be affected by
their decay. As a result, these tuelinhs will completely
disintegrate a nd destroy. Symptoms of schizophrenia,
hallucinations, and demons possessing people are
manifestations of souls being decomposed at a super strong
level.
However, they will be saved when they learn and
practice according to enlightened knowledge. To believe and
learn, they must go through all the suffering and tribulations
caused by the consequences of their ignorant actions in
spreading false knowledge. They can only identify their toxins
to learn and practice sustainable energy particle production.

The Tuelinh’s Journey of Transformation

Thus, when they go through all the suffering and tribulations
and encounter enlightened knowledge, they will leave the
destructive transformation path to sustainable
transmutation."
The Teacher sensed the students' confusion and
difficulty in fully remembering information, so he stopped the
lecture to help the students have time to relax. Then the
Teacher asked, "Do you understand the lecture?"
A student immediately replied, "Teacher, we find it easy
to understand and visualize what you are teaching because
we have learned and read many times about the types of
intellectual nature of the tuelinhs. However, to preach like the
Teacher, we need to practice a lot to be able to do it."
The Teacher said, "It is a wonderful thing. You try to
understand first. When you share this knowledge with
everyone, that knowledge from the soul will be transmitted to
the brain to help you miraculously teach the knowledge. At
that time, you also felt surprised yourself about why you were
able to preach this knowledge so well."
After a few minutes for the students to rest and relax,
the Teacher continued teaching. "So, you have just finished
learning about the path of transformation, decay and
destruction of the tuelinhs with the nature of ignorant
wisdom. And now, you continue t o learn about the path of
sustainable transmutation of the tuelinhs with intellectual
nature who develop the values of sustainable development,
spread the values of sustainable development and unite to
spread sustainable development values.

4 - The transformation journey of the tuelinhs creates
sustainable development values for all things.
The path of transmutation of this group of tuelinh is a
sustainable path at a strong level.
These tuelinhs are formed from the energy embryo
formed from a green positive energy particle with strong
electric waves and a grey-white negative energy particle with
weak electric waves.
As you know, the green positive particle with strong
electric waves contains accurate but incomplete information
for sustainable development, many good elements, high
vibration speed and intense heat, and the ability to detonate
the destructive particle is strong. Its characteristic is to create
sustainable development values. In particular, when it bonds
to a type of negative particle with weak electric waves, it
receives all its support and promotion from the negative
particle. It is a negative energy par ticle with minor false
information, little toxicity, weak vibrational speed, and little
negative heat. In addition, it has the property of promoting the
values of positive energy particles. That constitutes the
incredible power of this yin and yang energy embryo in its
ability to detonate destructive energy particles at low and
moderate levels. Therefore, when these tuelinhs incarnate as
humans, they have great intelligence in creating research,
inventions, works, and values that bring sustainable
development to humanity, society, and everything. They are
not selfish to cause harm to people, animals, and all things;
instead, they always bring values and benefits to people,
animals, and all things.

The Tuelinh’s Journey of Transformation

Through their first lives of practice in the human world,
their natural natures are revealed as they react in all
interactions of the four forms of the Tao. They show and prove
to everyone, animals and everything, that they are people
with great souls. They dedicate their lives and intelligence to
creating values that bring sustainable development to
everyone, society, and everything. At the same time, they do
not hurt or harm people, animals, or anything else. That
causes them to reveal their nature of pro ducing energy
particles as follows:
- Green positive energy particles with strong electric
waves are produced in large quantities. In addition, neutral
particles are also produced to form a connecting thread
between the synthetic positive particles in the structure of the
tuelinh.
- Negative energy particles are produced sufficiently,
and the electric waves are weak. Those are grey -white
harmful particles produced in the same reaction that
produces positive particles.
- The structure of the synthetic energy particles outside
the mature energy embryo still maintains the balance ratio
between yin and yang particles of 1:1, which means that
before incarnating as humans, these tuelinhs still had the
same particle ratio. So, the synthetic particles have the same
electric wave properties as the two particles in the original
yin and yang embryo.
- The original green positive energy particle still
maintains the characteristics of strong electric waves, and the
original grey-white negative energy particle still retains the
characteristics of weak electric waves.

These tuelinhs still express their wonderful nature
when experiencing many lifetimes of practice in interactive
scenarios with maximum compression, pressure and
harshness. That means that even though they live and work in
an environment with negative and toxic information, they still
create good values to benefit people, society and everything.
As a result, these tuelinhs continue to produce many green
positive energy particles with strong electric waves,
accompanied by neutral particles and grey -white harm ful
energy particles with weak electric waves. Therefore, the
synthetic energy particle structure outside their mature
energy embryos overgrew, and these souls had the power to
detonate more miraculous destructive energy.

The Tuelinh’s Journey of Transformation

You will see that the tuelinh group with a multi-positive
particle structure at a strong level of sustainable
reincarnation is formed from the tuelinh group with an
intellectual nature that develops sustainable values. It is also
formed from transforming a group of the tuelinh s whose
intelligent nature is easily vibrated and manipulated.
With the innate intelligence nature of these tuelinhs,
even without help from the first tuelinh, they still
continuously increase the production of positive energy
particles with strong electric waves, and negative particles
have weak electric waves. This process will help their original
positive energy particle transform into a fire -red positive
energy particle with very strong electric waves. Therefore,
the composite particle structure of these tuelinhs will have
many clusters of positive energy particles with very strong
positive electric waves. Meanwhile, the original and produced
negative particles have weak electric waves. That helps these
tuelinhs increase their power to detonate destructive energy
in larger quantities. However, when these tuelinhs move into
the energy space of destruction, they are still easily
disintegrated and destroyed.
On the other hand, if these tuelinhs experience
suffering and tribulation and then access the knowledge of
enlightenment, they will believe and practice accordingly.
When they practice according to enlightened wisdom,
transforming their yin and yang energy embryos into energy
filters will take place much faster than if they do not learn and
do not practice according to enlightened knowledge. Thus, if
they do not practice particle production according to
enlightened knowledge, they cannot transform their yin and

The Tuelinh’s Journey of Transformation

yang energy embryos into energy filters, even if they are on
sustainable transformation.
5 - The transmutation journey of the tuelinh group that
spreads the values of sustainable development to all things.
The path of transmutation of this group of tuelinh is
very strong and sustainable.
These tuelinhs are formed from energy embryos from a
fire-red positive energy particle with very strong electric
waves and a grey -white negative energy particle with weak
electric waves.
As you know, fire -red positive particles contain
accurate but incomplete information for sustainable
development, many good elements, very fast vibration speed
and very strong heat, and the ability to detonate destructive
particles is very powerful and has the characteristic of
spreading sustainable development values. In particular,
when it bonds to a type of negative particle with weak electric
waves, it receives all its support and promotion from the
negative particle. It is a negative energy particle with the least
amount of false information, little toxicity, little vibrational
speed, and little negative heat; in addition, it promotes the
values of positive energy particles. That constitutes the
incredible power of this yin and yang energy embryo in its
ability to detonate destructive energy particles to a large
extent. Therefore, when these tuelinhs incarnate as humans,
they have great intelligence in creating and spreading
research, inventions, works, and values that bring sustainable
development chara cteristics to humanity, society, and
everything. They do not create and spread values that harm
people, animals and everything.

Experiencing their first lives of practice in the human
world through the four forms of the Tao, these tuelinhs reveal
their natural nature. That is:
- They constantly create and spread values of
sustainable development to everyone, animals and all things.
At the same time, they do not care about their benefits and do
not harm people, animals and everything.
- These tuelinhs produce many positive energy
particles in each interactive reaction, spreading values to
everyone. Positive energy particles have very strong electric
waves that help them have more power to detonate
destructive energy and control the absorption of information
from the outside environment.
- Neutral energy particles and harmful particles with
weak electric waves are produced in the same reactions that
generate positive particles.
- The synthetic energy particle structure outside the
mature energy embryo retains the golden ratio between
negative and positive particles at 1:1. Before incarnating as a
cultivator, their composite energy particle structure was
always like that.
- The original yin energy particle in the yin and yang
embryo remains unchanged. In contrast, the original yang
particle increases in strength as the aggregate particle
structure of the tuelinh grows stronger. That creates the
tuelinhs with many positive e lectric waves at a very strong
level, and they can detonate many destructive energy
particles in one reaction.

The Tuelinh’s Journey of Transformation

Through the process of practice in many subsequent
human lives, the intellectual nature of this group of tuelinhs
remains the same. They still devote their lives and intelligence
to creating and spreading values of sustainable development
to everyone and everything without caring about themselves.
As a result, they continued to produce many positive energy
particles with very strong electric waves, while harmful
particles had weak electric waves. That helps the aggregate
particle structure of these tuelinhs grow more robustly, and
they mature faster. The tuelinh still maintains the synthetic
particle structure according to the golden ratio between
negative and positive particles of 1:1. As a result, they can
detonate more destructive energy particles than in their first
lives on earth.

The Tuelinh’s Journey of Transformation

The tuelinh group with a multi -positive particle
structure at a very strong level of sustainable reincarnation is
formed from the tuelinh group with the nature of wisdom
spreading the values of sustainable development. It is also
formed from the tuelinh group with the wisdom to develop
sustainable development values, and the tuelinh group is
easily vibrated and manipulated.
With their natural intelligence, these tuelinhs continue
to produce many positive energy particles with very strong
electric waves in their next lives despite facing many
extremely harsh challenges. Their synthetic energy particle
structure is growing, and they have tremendous power to
detonate destructive energy in larger quantities. This process
helps the original positive particle of these tuelinhs transform
into a yellow positive energy particle with super strong
electric waves, producing yellow positiv e energy particles.
That allows the synthetic particle structure of the tuelinhs to
have more magical power on a sustainable transformation
path. However, these tuelinhs are still easily decomposed and
destroyed when moving into the space of destructive energy.
On the other hand, if they receive help from the first
tuelinh to learn and practice enlightened knowledge after
experiencing suffering and tribulation, they will quickly reach
the destination of the path of sustainable transmutation. That
is, successfully transforming the yin and yang energy embryo
into an energy filter. Only when they have an energy filter can
they be safe and control the destructive energy when moving
into the space of annihilation energy.

6 – The transmutation journey of the tuelinh group
unites everyone to spread sustainable development values to all
things.
The path of transmutation of this tuelinh group is a
sustainable one at a super strong level.
These tuelinhs are formed from energy embryos from a
yellow positive energy particle with super strong electric
waves and a grey -white negative energy particle with weak
electric waves.
As you know, the yellow positive particle with super
strong electric waves contains accurate and comprehensive
information on sustainable development, many positive
elements, super fast vibration speed and super intense heat,
and the ability to detonate de structive energy is super
powerful. Its characteristic is to create and unite to spread the
values of sustainable development. Especially when it bonds
to a type of negative particle with weak electric waves, it
receives all its support and promotion from the negative
particle. It is a negative energy particle with minor false
information, little toxicity, little vibrational speed, and little
negative heat. In addition, it has the property of promoting the
values of positive energy particles. That constitut es a
miraculous power of this yin and yang energy embryo in its
ability to detonate destructive energy particles to a vast
extent. Therefore, when these tuelinhs incarnate as humans,
they have great wisdom in creating and uniting people to
spread research, inventions, works, and values that have the
characteristics of sustainable development for humanity and
all things. They do not care about their interests and do not
harm people and things.

The Tuelinh’s Journey of Transformation

Experiencing the first lives of practice through
interactive scenarios in the four forms of the Tao in the human
world, the natural wisdom natures of this group of tuelinh are
revealed. They are the most wonderful people in the human
world. They have created and united people to spread values
for sustainable development, especially knowledge about the
origin and practice mission of the tuelinhs and humans. That
helps countless people see the light of knowledge and truth
on their journey to reform their tuelinhs in the human world.
These wonderful tuelinhs achieved the following results:
- The original positive energy particle in the yin and
yang energy embryo has increased strength, and the original
negative particle provides more effective support for the
initial positive particle. That gives this energy embryo and
tuelinh group the magical power to detonate destructive
energy in larger quantities.
- Positive particles with super strong electric waves are
produced massively after each reaction, creating sustainable
development values, moral values, and enlightened
knowledge and then uniting everyone to spread them to
everyone and society.
- Negative particles with weak electric waves and
neutral particles are produced in sufficient quantities in the
same reactions that generate positive particles.
- The synthetic particle structure of the tuelinh always
maintains the golden ratio between negative and positive
particles at a 1:1 ratio from before incarnating as a human. In
addition, this group of tuelinh develops and matures rapidly
because their aggregate particle structure overgrows and has
the power of super strong positive electric waves.

With their natural wisdom, this group of tuelinhs
quickly overcame the extreme and harsh challenges of the
practice environment in the human world to continue to
increase the power of their tuelinhs. That is to produce
countless positive energy particles with super strong electric
waves and harmful energy particles with weak electric waves.
That helps the tuelinh to mature faster with a synthetic
particle structure carrying super strong multi -positive
electric waves to detonate destructive energy in large
quantities.

The Tuelinh’s Journey of Transformation

The tuelinh group with a multi -positive particle
structure at a super strong level of sustainable transmutation
is formed from a tuelinh group with a united intellectual
nature to spread the values of sustainable development. It is
also formed from a group of tuelinh s with an intelligent
nature that extends the values of sustainable development, a
group of tuelinh s with an intellectual nature that creates
sustainable development values, and a group of the tuelinh s
that is easily vibrated and manipulated.
Continuing to practice in the human world for many
lifetimes helps these tuelinhs produce a sufficient number of
positive energy particles with super strong electric waves and
harmful energy particles with weak electric waves. Even if
they have enough posi tive particles and quality information
within the intellectual wave code fibres, they are still easily
disintegrated and destroyed when moving into the
destructive energy space. That is the case where they are not
helped and supported by the first tuelinh to transform the yin
and yang energy embryo into an energy filter. Thus, even
though this group of tuelinh has reached a super strong level
of sustainable transmutation, they are still easily destroyed
by the destructive energy space. However, the fact tha t they
could detonate a large amount of annihilation particles and
mature quickly was a miracle for all tuelinhs. That is the level
of sustainable transmigration that all tuelinhs must achieve if
they wish to transform the energy embryo into an energy
filter.
Suppose these tuelinhs learn enlightened knowledge
and are guided directly from the first tuelinh in the human
world. In that case, they will efficiently and quickly

successfully transform their yin and yang energy embryos
into energy filters. However, they still need suffering and
tribulations in their lives of practice to help them fully reveal
their good nature. Thus, suffering and tribulations are the
necessary mat erials to help all souls practice in the human
world to eliminate all toxins and practice the production of
sustainable energy particles. Finally, attain the unified Tao of
the universe."
Seeing the teacher stop the lecture for a few minutes to
drink tea, a student immediately asked, "Teacher, is it true
that if the yin and yang energy embryo has not been
transformed into an energy filter, the tuelinh will be
disintegrated and destroyed whe n moving into the space of
destructive energy even though they have achieved a
sustainable transmutation path at a super strong level?"
The teacher replied, "That's true. The tuelinhs can be
only safe and control the particles of destruction in large
numbers, even moving in their space, when they have
successfully transformed the yin and yang energy embryo
into an energy filter.”
Then, the teacher continued the lecture, "So I have
clearly explained to you the two paths of transmutation of
tuelinhs in the human world. The path of transformation,
decay, and destruction is the natural nature of tuelinh groups,
with the intellectual nature of ignorance in ideology, actions,
and spreading false knowledge. Their final destination is
complete decay and destruction. They can only be saved and
changed to a sustainable path of transmutation when they go
through all the suffering and tribulations to understand
themselves and practice according to enlightened knowledge.

The Tuelinh’s Journey of Transformation

The path of sustainable transmutation is the natural nature of
the groups of tuelinh whose intellectual nature creates
sustainable development values, spreads sustainable
development values, and unites people to spread sustainable
development values. Their destination is to qualify to
transform yin and yang energy embryos into energy filters.
However, suppose they do not learn and practice according to
enlightened knowledge and receive the help of the first
tuelinh. In that case, they cannot transform their yin and yang
energy embryos into energy filters. At that time, they are still
destroyed when moving into the space of destructive energy.
You must remember that suffering and tribulations are a
must-have condition to help all souls, whether on the path of
sustainable transformation or decay and destruction. Only
suffering and tribulations in all the interactive scenarios of
the four forms of the Tao will help them understand
themselves to force out all poisons and maximize the
activation of good elements within them.
Do you know which path of transformation belongs to
the group of tuelinhs whose intellectual nature is easily
vibrated and manipulated? Let me help you understand the
transmutation journey of this group of tuelinhs.
7 - The transmutation journey of the tuelinh group,
whose intelligence is easily wavered and manipulated.
This group of tuelinhs is formed from an energy
embryo with a grey -white negative energy particle carrying
weak electric waves and an ivory -white positive energy
particle having weak electric waves. The positive energy
particle contains little accurate inf ormation on sustainable
development, few good elements and positive heat, low

vibration speed, and properties that are only balanced and
cannot promote growth. The negative energy particle has the
nature of the least amount of incorrectly encoded
information, little toxins and negative heat, and weak
vibration speed, and the charact eristic is to balance and
promote the values of positive energy particles when they
link together. This yin and yang energy embryo does not
provoke many particles of destructive energy to attack; it also
cannot detonate annihilation energy.
When the tuelinhs with this type of energy embryo
incarnate in the human world to practice, they reveal the
nature of their natural wisdom. That is, they cannot perceive
and understand the nature of all things, events and
phenomena; they do not understand right and wrong, the
value of development or destruction; they do neither good
nor evil deeds. However, when living and working in different
environments, they will easily be swayed and drawn to the
information values in those environments.
The intellectual nature of this group of tuelinhs and
their path of transmutation depends on the environment in
which they live. That is:
- These tuelinhs will transmute in the direction of decay
and destruction when living in a negative environment. That
is the path of transformation, decay and destruction at a weak
level. As follows:
+ When living in an atmosphere containing negative
and false information values about sustainable development,
these tuelinhs absorb and encode negative information over
time and many lifetimes of practice.

The Tuelinh’s Journey of Transformation

+ Next, they practice producing harmful energy
particles with weak electric waves, while positive energy
particles are produced in small quantities.
+ Although the harmful energy particles that result
from ideologies and actions do not cause significant
consequences for everyone and everything, they cause the
original positive energy particle to lose heat, the original
negative energy particle becomes increasingly toxic, and the
vibration speed is more incredible.
+ As a result, the energy particle structure of tuelinh has
many clusters of positive particles with many harmful energy
particles spinning around. It forms a negative multiparticle
structure and decays at a weak level.

The Tuelinh’s Journey of Transformation

+ In their next lives of practice, if they still live in a
harmful environment, their original negative energy particle
will transform into a grey negative particle with strong
electric waves after being loaded with toxic information from
the outside environment. At that time, the energy embryo will
produce many harmful particles with strong electric waves,
and the synthetic particle structure will be strongly negative
multiparticles. That is the journey and the path of
transformation to the destination of destruction if there is no
change in the practice environment.
- On the contrary, they will sustainably transmute when
living in a positive environment. That is the path of
sustainable transmutation at a weak level. As follows:
+ When living in a medium containing accurate
information values and sustainable development, these souls
absorb and encode that positive information over time and
many lifetimes of practice.
+ Next, they practice producing positive energy
particles with increased information value and electric waves.
Meanwhile, negative particles with weak electric waves are
produced in the same reactions that generate positive
particles. It is the result of i deologies and actions that bring
value to everyone and everything but are insignificant.
+ As a result, the synthetic energy particle structure of
tuelinh has a balanced ratio of negative and positive particles
in a 1:1 ratio. That helps the tuelinh later has more strength
to detonate the destructive particles and transform the
original positive energy particle. That also allows tuelinhs to
have a weak multi-positive particle structure, and their level
of sustainable transformation is weak.

The Tuelinh’s Journey of Transformation

+ These tuelinhs can produce positive particles while
not being able to detonate destructive particles because they
absorb positive heat from the positive environment to
generate them. However, the positive heat of the environment
is not comparable in strength to the heat from the detonation
of destructive particles.
+ In the following lives, if these tuelinhs live in a
positive environment, they will continue to practice
producing positive energy particles with stronger electric
waves. This process helps them transform the original
positive energy particle into a posi tive particle with strong
electric waves. Therefore, their energy particle structure
becomes stronger on the path of sustainable transformation,
and they can detonate destructive energy for the maturation
process. Suppose they encounter enlightened knowled ge
after experiencing suffering and tribulation. In that case, it
will be easier for them to learn and practice so that their
sustainable path of transformation becomes more effective
and faster to reach their destination.
Thus, you have understood the two transformation
paths in the reincarnation journey of tuelinhs in the human
world. That helps you clearly understand that to attain the
unified Tao of the universe , all tuelinhs must learn and
practice enlightened knowledge. In addition, even though
tuelinhs are at different levels of the path of transformation,
decay and destruction, they will return to sustainable
transmutation after experiencing suffering and tribulations
and encountering enlightened knowledge to learn and
practice. And, all tuelinhs are that. They will attain the unified

Tao of the universe after suffering and tribulations and
practising according to enlightened knowledge."