Chapter Sixty-Five

The Transit Planet of Tuelinhs and Souls
When They Incarnate as Humans in the
Human World

When the Teacher arrived at the office, Duong, Truong
Nalanda and several other students had already arrived. They
were standing outside the office door, and in their hands were
bags of fruit. Some of them are in provinces far from Hanoi,
and they asked pe rmission to meet the Teacher today, then
will stay on Sunday to listen to the lectures in his classroom.
They contacted the two brothers, Duong and Truong Nalanda,
to come together and received the Teacher's consent. When
the Teacher and everyone entered t he office, some students
placed plates of fruits and candies from their homeland on the
table, and one made tea.
Some of these students were people who suffered from
mild and severe mental health problems and recovered after
learning and practising the Teacher's knowledge. These
students are very active in helping people suffering from life
and mental health -related issues. They have achieved many
achievements by assisting many people to recover from

mental health -related diseases. After sick people recover,
they continue to help others. Therefore, they are very
interested in cultivating knowledge directly from the Teacher
to gain more strength in sharing and helping everyone learn
and practice most effectively.
Everyone enjoyed tea, cakes, fruits, and stories about
the journey of spreading knowledge and the difficulties in
helping people with mental health problems. A student
confided, "Teacher, if mentally ill people do not have relatives
help them listen to lectures, it will take them a long time, and
it will be difficult for them even to recover because they
cannot control their thoughts and behaviour. Therefore,
during the treatment process, in addition to the strength of
knowledge and support from the Teacher 's students, the
patient's relatives play a decisive role in helping them recover
quickly or slowly."
"I have said in classes many times that enlightenment
knowledge accounts for 50%, and the sick person and their
relatives account for 50% for them to recover. That means the
power of knowledge to heal mental illness and pathology and
resolve suffering and problems is beyond debate. The
remaining problem is the patient's obedience, relatives and
everyone." The Teacher said.
A student continued, "Teacher, when I help mentally ill
people learn knowledge, they become frightened, and more
hallucinatory phenomena appear when they hear about the
transiting planet of tuelinhs and souls. Maybe when they
heard about that planet, they remembered that they used to
stay on it and became scared. Teacher, should I preach to
mentally ill people about that planet?"

The Transit Planet of Tuelinhs and Souls When They Incarnate as Humans in the
Human World

The Teacher replied, "For those who are treating
mental illness, in the early stages of listening to the
knowledge, they should not listen to knowledge about the
transiting planet of tuelinhs and souls. It is not necessary for
them in the initial stages of the treatment. However, after they
are more alert and healthy, let them hear about the truths of
that planet. Understanding all the truths will help the souls
within them purify the false information they have encoded in
past lives. It will contribute to the strength of the yang energy
particle system and the original yang particle in their yin and
yang embryos."
Truong Nalanda asked his Teacher, "Teacher, what
value does the transiting planet of tuelinhs and souls have for
practitioners in the human world?"
The Teacher preached, "This planet plays a vital role in
the practice journey of tuelinhs and souls in the human world.
When I analyze each life scene on that planet for you to
understand, you will see its great value. When practising in
the human world, please imagine that each tuelinh and soul is
like people walking on a long journey. The transiting planet is
like inns, hotels, and places for those walkers to stay for the
night. Simply put, it is a transiting planet to help tuelinhs and
souls have time to rest after a life of practice in the human
world. Their resting on that planet is for them to regain their
spirit, health, and energy after completing the practice
journey of a human life. Depending on the achievements of
each soul and tuelinh in human li fe, after the end of their
human life, they will be placed in different life scenes on the
transiting planet. It is similar to staying overnight in good and
luxurious places such as hotels, villas, and comfortable

houses, or staying in inns without amenities or sleeping near
bridges and dangerous places. That depends on what they
have after each day of their long journey. When they sleep
overnight in those places, they will have different emotions
and values. The transiting planet with different life scenes, it's
like that."
A student immediately said, "Teacher, religions have
different views about hell, which is the place where human
souls are imprisoned and tortured by demons after their
human life ends. The same goes for the spiritual views and
beliefs of nations; they crea te knowledge about the life of
souls after people die, which are scenes of torture by evil
spirits or demons. They fascinate people with rituals to pray
for the souls to escape the sin of returning to hell because of
their bad deeds while they were still a live on earth. Besides,
there are many rituals for living people to pray to the souls of
the dead. These are prayer rituals of the living to their
ancestors for health, fortune and status. Is all of that not true?"
The Teacher said, "Hey guys if I answer those questions,
you will have countless more questions about this transiting
planet. That will, of course, happen to anyone who does not
understand the nature of the problem. As in the case of this
transiting planet , if you do not understand the origin,
purpose, life scenes and truth there, you will remain confused
and unsatisfied with my answers. Therefore, today I will
explain this planet in detail for you to understand."
The students became happy and said, "It is wonderful,
Teacher. Thus we will increase the knowledge of
enlightenment in our tuelinh and mind."

The Transit Planet of Tuelinhs and Souls When They Incarnate as Humans in the
Human World

The Teacher said, "Not only that. When you understand
that transiting planet, your soul will radiate the light of the
truth about the practice journey after a human life; it is the
intellectual light of information about that planet's life scenes
and values. At that time, you need to focus on places where
demons are present; they will follow the light of wisdom in
you and go to that planet. Especially when you talk about
knowledge with people who live in houses and lands where
the souls of the dead are trap ped, they will go immediately
when you talk to living people about the origin and plan of
practice in the human world and on that transiting planet. In
addition, you can use mantras to help them and return them
to that transiting planet after enlightening the people living in
that house. It would help if you remembered that when you
thoroughly understand the knowledge of the two truths and
the smallest energy particle, you will have the mind dharma.
Mind Dharma is a superpower formed from enlightened
wisdom when the tuelinh encodes all true and comprehensive
information about the path of sustainable transformation.
The power is so magical that using mantras or thoughts to
free trapped souls and demons becomes too simple and
cannot be compared to mind dharma. If you want to have
every unit of the power of mind dharma, you must practice
producing many positive particles on the path of sustainable
transmutation. Those positive particles must have
enlightened knowledge in them."
Truong Nalanda said, "That's right, teacher. Because of
my luck, you taught me about this transiting planet before so
I could save the souls trapped in a house where I had stayed
for many days. I help them achieve rescue by sharing

enlightenment and knowledge about the transiting planet
with those living in that house. I know their house has a
trapped soul because they came to me and told me when I
slept there. After preaching that night, I saw they had gone to
the transit planet. I did not use spells or methods to neutralize
those spirits in the land; instead, I practised according to the
method taught by the teacher, which was to teach knowledge
to people living on that land and talk about the transiting
planet. That's wonderful, sir."
The teacher said, "That is the power of the knowledge
of the two truths and the knowledge of the smallest particle
of energy. When you preach and share knowledge with the
living, the spirits or demons trapped in that land will receive
that truth information. They will recall the memories of their
practice journey and the transiting planet. At that time, they
will be linked with information through the universe's
information-receiving and transmitting system and the help
of the first tuelinh to have enough s trength to move to that
transiting planet. Of course, the light of your wisdom when
teaching knowledge to both the living and the souls is the key
to helping them balance their energy state to move towards
that planet. That shows you that no person, no practitioner in
the human world, has any magical powers or magic; it is all
true information and information connection between
planets through the system receiving and transmitting
information in the universe of the first tuelinh. Therefore, we
must rely on the source, on the first tuelinh to achieve great
achievements on our practice journey in the human world."
After sipping a few more cups of tea, the teacher said,
"Now I will teach you all the knowledge about the transit

The Transit Planet of Tuelinhs and Souls When They Incarnate as Humans in the
Human World

planet of tuelinhs and souls when they practice in the human
world. Please listen to me:
After the first tuelinh had made achievements in
studying the transmutation path of the complex energy
structures in the bodies of animals, he noticed that there were
problems with some of the souls of these animals. Those are
the souls of ferocious beasts; their energy structures are filled
with harmful particles ranging from strong to very strong.
That causes toxins and harmful energy particles to be copied
and bombarded into the surrounding environment. Those
toxic, harmful energy particles caused the su rrounding
energy structures to be negatively affected. That is like having
habitats destroyed and polluted by poisonous energies. From
that problem of animal souls, he realised that tuelinhs, when
incarnated as cultivators, will also have tuelinhs transmuted
in the direction of decay and destruction. Therefore, they will
also have the phenomenon of copying toxic, harmful energy
particles and bombarding the surrounding environmen t.
Thus, it is a big problem that he needs to develop a solution
for the souls o f animals and tuelinhs affected by many
particles of negative energy when humans appear in the
human world. He realised that he must create a place separate
from the practice environment in the human world, which
could not be located in heaven. Therefore, he believed that he
must make a planet to serve as a transit place for tuelinhs and
human souls after each life of practice in the human world.
He thought about the souls of animals. That is about
how to handle their reincarnation journey when humans
appear. Before that, he allowed animal souls to be
reincarnated immediately after their bodies died. His

operation is still stabilising the reincarnation process of
animal souls through the information -receiving and
transmitting system he has built covering the entire universe.
After a long period of thinking, he decided that only animal
souls that had been transformed into tuelinhs and
reincarnated as humans could go to that transiting planet. As
for animal souls, they will continue to reincarnate right after
one life ends. They need time to encode information and
produce particles through endless reincarnation.
He also thought about which tuelinhs would return to
heaven to rest after a human life and which tuelinhs would
have to go to a transiting planet to rest. After a period of
reflection, he decided that any tuelinh that produced an
excess of negative energy particles in each cluster of positive
energy particles in the structure must reach the transiting
planet after one lifetime; tuelinhs who do not produce an
excess of harmful energy particles compared to the combined
positive energy particles, they will all be able to return to
heaven to rest.
Hey guys, let me remind you about the production of
yin and yang energy particles of tuelinhs in the human world.
Suppose people practice positive actions that bring
sustainable and positive development values to everyone,
animals and all things. In that case, they will produce positive
energy particles with electric waves, from strong to upwards.
In addition, negative energy particles with weak electric
waves and neutral particles are produced in the same
reaction to form a synthetic energy particle struct ure with a
1:1 ratio of positive and negative particles. Therefore, there
will be no excess negative particles when making positive

The Transit Planet of Tuelinhs and Souls When They Incarnate as Humans in the
Human World

energy particles, and harmful particles have weak electric
waves. On the contrary, when people practise actions that
hurt people, animals and all things, the tuelinhs will produce
many harmful particles with electric waves, from slightly
strong to upwards, while positive particles are not produced,
or if possible, the electric waves are weak. Therefore, it forms
clusters of negative multiparticle particles with electric
waves, from slightly strong to upwards. I have carefully
analysed this knowledge in the mechanism and
transformation journey of tuelinhs. You must remember them
and remember them.
Thus, he decided which tuelinhs and souls must go to
that transiting planet after experiencing a human life: They
are tuelinhs and souls that produce excess harmful energy
particles and form multi -negative particle clusters in their
structure. As for souls , those souls must have been
transformed into tuelinhs. However, we still understand that
they are the souls because their life on the transit planet
differs from the life of the tuelinhs.
Another challenge that arose, and the first tuelinh
continued to seek a solution to that problem, was that he
needed to have tuelinhs capable of operating and managing
that transiting planet. To work and help the tuelinhs and souls
that have many toxins bo mbarding the surrounding
environment, the tuelinhs in charge of managing that planet
must have the strength to withstand those toxins. They can
help them quickly reincarnate into the human world. That is
a massive challenge for him when his children cannot do it.
After thinking and not finding a solution to this problem,
when the time for bringing the tuelinhs to incarnate as

humans had come, he decided to call the most mature tuelinhs
among his children to see him. When they arrived, he told
them about the problem and asked for their opinions on
coming up with a solution. After thinking for a while, a tuelinh
told him that during the first human lives of the tuelinhs in the
human world, he should let them reincarnate immediately
after the end of a human life. That is similar to the souls in
animals, they reincarnate after their physical form dies. After
going through many lifetimes of practice, there will be many
tuelinhs who will achieve achievements, and they will be
tuelinhs with enough strength to help him manage that
transiting planet. After hearing that tuelinh gave his opinion,
the first tuelinh found a solution to the pr oblem of managing
and operating that planet. He told those tuelinhs, "I will let the
tuelinhs incarnate as humans immediately after each life of
practice in the human world. After each tuelinh has
incarnated many human lives and many generations of people
in the human world have created a stronger human
community, the good and poisonous natures of each tuelinh
have been revealed; at that time, we will have specific
information and development trends of information from the
practice environment in the human world to create living
scenes and management apparatus on the transiting planet.
That planet will always have changes in both the managers
and the way to help the tuelinhs and souls after one human
life have the strength and ability to overcome the next
sufferings in the new human life. Tuelinhs who have achieved
achievements on the path of practice will have to return to the
transiting planet, in turn, to manage and operate the living

The Transit Planet of Tuelinhs and Souls When They Incarnate as Humans in the
Human World

scenes there. They will continue to incarnate as humans when
other tuelinhs have achieved achievements in their place."
After there was a solution to the problem of the tuelinh
being able to manage and operate the life scenes on the transit
planet, it was also the time for the tuelinhs to incarnate as
humans to create the first humans. After that, he organized a
conference to gather humanity in the human world. That
marked a great decision that changed the history of the
universe's development.
After he completed helping the tuelinhs incarnate into
the first humans in the human world, he began building an
information operating system for each tuelinh and soul when
they practised in the human world. That system operates the
cause-and-effect tree. He later entrusted five messengers to
work on his behalf. The system of managing the cause and
effect tree of the tuelinhs practising in the human world is
placed next to his private working space and is strictly
protected by him. The cause and effect tree operating system
collects complete information about all tuelinhs and souls in
all interaction scenarios in the human world's four forms of
the Tao. After each human life of the tuelinhs and souls, the
first tuelinh will build their next journey with esse ntial
milestones and tribulations based on the informational
reactions in their previous human life. All of this is handled
with utmost care and precision by the system of cause and
effect trees and the operation of the five messengers and the
first tuelin h. The causal tree operating system was quickly
completed afterwards and operated exceptionally effectively
with the help of the universe's information -receiving and
transmitting system.

Over many lifetimes of the practice of tuelinhs and
souls in the human world, all information about their practice
journey is stored in the cause -and-effect tree system. In
addition to this system, the first tuelinh can see all the
information reactions of each tuelinh and soul through the
energy particles they produce when they practice in the
human world. The energy particles produced by the process
of information reaction through interactions in the four forms
of the Tao are the causal particles of tueli nhs and souls.
However, through the system of operating the cause and
effect tree, he quickly analyses and builds scenarios for each
tuelinh and soul and between tuelinhs when they reincarnate
in the following human lives. After he saw many tuelinhs
achieving achievements on the path of practice in the human
world, he began to analyse the entire information system of
tuelinhs collected in the system of operating the cause and
effect tree. Also, at this time, the tuelinhs who were
reincarnating along the pat h of decay and destruction had
many negative particle clusters, and the toxins they released
into the environment became a problem that needed to be
solved. Therefore, he started building living scenes and
management apparatus on that transiting planet.
1 – Management and operation apparatus of the
transiting planet:
The first tuelinh created three councils to operate and
manage with clear duties for each separate council. It includes
"the return of way council", "executive council", and
"administrative council". All tuelinhs on duty in the three
councils are under the direction and management of the first
tuelinh. The tuelinhs performing this task will alternately

The Transit Planet of Tuelinhs and Souls When They Incarnate as Humans in the
Human World

incarnate as humans and have other tuelinhs replace them.
Especially if these tuelinhs do not have achievements on the
following practice journey, they will be completely replaced
by other tuelinhs with more achievements for the task on this
transiting planet.
The Return of Way Council:
- This council has another name, "the Return of Tao".
- This is a council of the most elite tuelinhs responsible
for managing and operating all work on the transit planet. The
five messengers of the first tuelinh are leaders of this planet.
They will take turns operating and managing because they
must simultaneously use the cause and effect tree of tuelinhs
and souls practicing in the human world.
- The council works under the direct direction of the
first tuelinh, and they have the right to direct all tuelinhs in
the remaining two councils.
- The Return of Way Council organises classes and
teaches knowledge to tuelinhs and souls on this transiting
planet. The knowledge they teach depends on developing the
enlightened understanding of the first tuelinh for humans in
the human world. Therefore, the knowledge they t each will
change according to the practice journey of tuelinhs and souls
in the human world. In addition, the council is responsible for
arranging tuelinhs and souls into different living situations
after the end of human life in the human world; The next is to
place for them to reincarnate in a new human life according
to the operating system of the cause and effect tree.
- The purpose of teaching knowledge to tuelinhs and
souls is to help them learn lessons after a lifetime of practice

to quickly continue reincarnation on the journey to find the
unifying Tao of the universe. That will help the tuelinhs and
souls quickly balance their energy state after the toxins are
bombarded into the surrounding environment by the speed
of vibration and loss of control in thinking - vibration waves
in the negative particle system. However, this is only a
temporary balance, and the toxin will continue to bombard
them as they interact in scenarios with information that is
similar or identical to their neg ative multiparticle energy
clusters. Therefore, they must reform and rebalance the
multi-negative energy structure by producing positive energy
particles with the same information content to reorganise the
ratio between the negative and positive particles in the
particle structure.
- The Return of Tao Council works based on the system
of operating the cause and effect tree of the first tuelinh that
the five messengers manage and use. Therefore, everyone can
understand that the Return of Way Council keeps birth and
death books for every human being in the human world. Thus,
the five messengers of the first tuelinh are in charge of
managing and operating all tuelinhs and souls practising in
the human world, including tuelinhs and souls on the
transiting planet and tuelinhs transit in heaven through their
role as the highest managers in the Return of Tao Council.
- With the mission and purpose of the Council, the first
tuelinh gave this Council the name "the Return of Tao". That
is to return to the path of practice in the human world to seek
enlightenment after balancing the energy state in the
structure and learning the lessons of experience after human
life.

The Transit Planet of Tuelinhs and Souls When They Incarnate as Humans in the
Human World

The Executive Council:
- The Executive Council consists of many tuelinhs who
have achieved achievements on their practice journey in the
human world.
- The Executive Council works under the direct
direction of the Return of Tao Council and the first tuelinh.
- The Executive Council implements tasks according to
birth and death books. Specifically:
+ Responsible for bringing the tuelinhs and souls with
multiple harmful particles in the human world to return to
this planet after they end a human life according to their
lifespan as determined in the death book.
+ Bringing tuelinhs and souls sometimes does not
comply with the death book but follows the instructions of the
first tuelinh and five messengers. The Council will catch
tuelinhs and souls to return to the transiting planet when
their particle structure reform quota is not fulfilled. They are
given special permission to incarnate as humans after the
harm they caused to people and everything in their past lives.
However, the Council will not catch tuelinhs and souls when
they successfully reform their partic le structure reform
quotas according to the death books that stipulate their
lifespan. That means that as tuelinhs and souls produce many
positive energy particles, they will not die suddenly due to the
evil karma they created in their previous lives; Inst ead, they
continue to live to practice producing more positive energy
particles.
+ The Council will pick up tuelinhs and souls trapped
where they ended their human life when there are

instructions from the Return of Tao Council or the first
tuelinh. That means that those who die by suicide, die by
accident, die by war, die by stabbing each other will be
damned in the place where they died. This Council does not
take them back as soon as they die because their evil karma
has not been reformed, so they have to stay there until there
are instructions to be brought back. It is a lesson for the
suffering they have caused themselves and others by not
practising the transformation of their harmful particles.
+ The Council will be responsible for bringing tuelinhs
and souls to reincarnate as humans.
+ In addition, the Council will have to carry out tasks
under the direct direction of the Return of Tao Council and the
first tuelinh.
The Administrative Council:
- The Administrative Council is the tuelinhs who have
achieved achievements on the path of practice in the human
world.
- The administrative Council is under the direct
direction of the Return of Tao Council and the first tuelinh.
Besides, they must coordinate with the Executive Council and
the Return of Way Council to carry out their tasks.
- The mission of the Administrative Council is to
manage the living scenes on this planet, which are the
residing scenes awaiting judgment, the residing scenes of hell,
the live environments of letting go of attachment, and the
living environments of balan cing energy states. In addition,
the Council is responsible for organizing knowledge classes
with the return of way council for tuelinhs and souls.

The Transit Planet of Tuelinhs and Souls When They Incarnate as Humans in the
Human World

Thus, he has built an apparatus for operating and
managing the transiting planet with precise tasks for each
Council. These councils will help tuelinhs and souls quickly
enter the reincarnation journey after rebalancing their energy
state and learning less ons from each human life. They only
help tuelinhs and souls balance their state, but cannot help
them balance their particle structure. To balance and develop
the structure of energy particles, tuelinhs and souls must
incarnate as humans and practice parti cle production in an
environment with information reactions of destructive
energy and other energy groups.
After the first tuelinh completed the construction of the
operating and management apparatus of the transiting
planet, he continued to build the living scenes on this planet.
2 – Life scenes on the transit planet:
To help the tuelinhs and souls with excess negative
energy particle clusters in their structure to quickly balance
their state, learn lessons from experience, and quickly enter
the cycle of reincarnation on the journey of transformation,
he has built four life scenes after thinking and calculating. The
four living scenes include the waiting scene for judgment, the
residing scene of hell, the living scene of letting go of
attachments, and the living scene of energy state balance.
To promote the transit process of the tuelinhs and souls
on this planet to take place quickly and effectively before their
next reincarnation, the first tuelinh created spaces containing
groups of super -complex energy particles with different
encoded information values in each life scene. Those super -
complex energy particle groups will link information together

and connect information with each tuelinh and soul to create
illusions for their transit journey on this transiting planet.
That is a secret that people, practitioners, and Zen masters
cannot know. The reason is that they have yet to reach the
enlightenment to decode the information values in the
smallest energy particle. Therefore, what they see are only
reflected visions and are made up of the information linking
the energy groups with the information in the particles of the
tuelinhs and souls.
As a result, he created five living scenes as follows:
The living scene of waiting for judgment:
The living scene awaiting trial has many living rooms
and detention rooms. That is the residence for the tuelinhs
and souls who, when living on earth, were created from a
cluster of particles with many or more negative particles in
their aggregate energy particle structure.
The life scene awaiting judgment is the first life stage
that tuelinhs and souls must come and live in after they end a
human life in the human world.
In this life scene, tuelinhs and souls will see their
practice journey from birth until the end of their human life.
They will see all the critical milestones in their lives, including
their achievements, failures, valuable lessons, and the hurt
they caused to people, animals, and all things.
In each room of this residence, there are energy
particles capable of linking information with all the
information of a person's life encoded in their particle
structure. Therefore, when the tuelinhs and souls enter their

The Transit Planet of Tuelinhs and Souls When They Incarnate as Humans in the
Human World

room, they will see all the significant milestones of their lives,
whether they want to see them or not.
The time for tuelinhs and souls to live in that life scene
is 49 days (calculated according to the calendar on earth)
after they end a human life according to the lifespan specified
in the death book.
For tuelinhs and souls who end a human life by
committing suicide, dying by accident, dying by stabbing and
killing each other, dying by war, while they have not yet
reached the age to die according to the death book, there will
be two cases as follows:
- They will have to live in those rooms equal to the
remaining time on earth according to their lifespan in the
death book if the time they are doomed to in the place of their
death has not yet reached the end of their lifespan. In this
case, the tuelinhs and souls are brought to the transit planet
by those who can help them release the place of their death.
While living in those rooms, they will see all the critical
milestones in their lives in the human world.
- They will be judged without having to live in the scene
of waiting for judgment if they are damned in the place where
they die beyond the 49 days calculated according to the end
of their lifespan in the human world. That is the case where
tuelinhs and so uls are damned at the place where they died
for a long time, so they have experienced all their memories
in one human life.
After their time in the waiting scene for judgment, they
will be brought to the Return of Tao Council to judge what

they did while alive on earth. Then, they will be taken to other
life scenes depending on what they did while alive.
Thus, the purpose of the life awaiting judgment is to
help tuelinhs and souls remember what they have done in a
human life.
In addition, you will wonder why the Executive Council
does not pick up tuelinhs and souls who end a human life by
suicide, death by murder, death by stabbing each other, death
by accident, died due to war to this living scene immediately
after their human life ended. That is the justice that those
tuelinhs and souls must receive and learn. That means that
through the time of damnation in the place of their death, they
will remember what they did in that human life. Their
recollection will leave them haunte d and unable to realize
that they died in those situations without support from the
living scene of waiting for judgment. They will have to go
through the process of remembering a more complicated and
intense human life because they deserve it. That's beca use
they do not appreciate a human life to practice renovating the
negative karma created in previous lives and killing lives,
including their bodies, in the present life.
Tuelinhs and souls will be transferred to other living
scenes after being judged by the Return of Tao Council. Each
life scene they will come to depends on the energy particle
structure they created while living on Earth, which is:
- They will have to move into the hell gates of the hell
scene if their particle structure has clusters of harmful
multiparticle energy particles from strong to super -strong
levels. That means that when they lived on Earth, they
practised producing harmful energy particles with strong,

The Transit Planet of Tuelinhs and Souls When They Incarnate as Humans in the
Human World

very strong, and super strong waves. Those actions hurt
people, animals and everything on a small to large scale.
- They will be transferred to the living scene of letting
go of attachments if their structure has clusters of weak
harmful multiparticle particles, which are negative particles
with weak electric waves. That is when living in the human
world, they think negatively and take actions that cause harm
to other people, animals, and all other things to a negligible
extent.
Hell scene:
Hell is an extraordinary space to help tuelinhs and souls
learn the lessons from what they have done to people, animals
and all things while they were still alive in the human world.
This scene of life is said to be the most intense and terrifying
on the t ransit planet. It is so scary and fierce that
practitioners, Zen masters, religions and cultures believe that
there are demons there, punishing and torturing tuelinhs and
souls to the point of death. This living scene is hugely fierce
and scary, but it completely differs from what other religions,
beliefs, practitioners, and Zen masters see and talk about.
The space of this unique living scene is designed into
two separate areas, one for tuelinhs and one for the souls. The
first tuelinh had to create two different places like this
because there is a difference in toxicity between tuelinhs and
souls transmuted as humans from animal souls. The tuelinhs
have massive toxins, and the information value in their
structure is at a super -complex level. In contrast, the souls
have fewer toxins, and the information value in their
structure is only at a complex level. Therefore, if they were all

allowed to live together in the same area, the toxins of the
tuelinhs would cause damage and danger to the souls in
relearning the lessons of human life in the human world.
The living space of hell is divided into prison doors;
each is a closed space, and inside contains different groups of
super-complex energy particles. Life in the hell of the tuelinhs
and the souls are the same in terms of nature and the number
of hell gates; However, there is a difference between them in
the degree of reflection of the illusion. That means that the
happenings in the prison doors of the tuelinhs are much more
fierce and terrifying than those of the souls.
The living area of tuelinhs has six great prison doors;
each great prison door is divided into nine small prison doors,
and there are 54 small prison doors. Inside each small prison
door is a large space containing energy groups with different
information values. The same goes for the living area of the
soul; they have six great prison doors; each great prison door
is divided into nine small prison doors, and there are 54 small
prison doors in total. Thus, the entire hellish living scene has
108 small prison doors.
Each small prison door was put into it by the first
tuelinh, a group of harmful energy particles with the same
toxicity. This group of particles has information values
corresponding to the information values in the energy
particles of tuelinhs and souls produced in the human world.
Illusions appear when the information values between the
group of harmful energy particles in the prison door are
linked with the information values of the negative energy
particles in the tuelinhs and soul. It causes tuelinhs and souls
to be transformed into illusions. At that time, they do not have

The Transit Planet of Tuelinhs and Souls When They Incarnate as Humans in the
Human World

the ability and awareness to recognize and escape the
illusions. They live in those illusions as if they were living a
human life. Between the small prison doors, the first tuelinh
put in harmful energy particles with different levels of electric
waves, and all the prison doors of tuelinhs and souls contain
harmful energy particles with super -complex wisdom wave
codes.
When the information value in the harmful energy
particles of the tuelinhs reacts with the harmful energy
particles of each prison door, they will create the most fierce
and terrifying illusions. At the same time, the reactions of the
souls in the gates of hell are not as intense and scary as those
of tuelinhs. The reason is that the value and complexity of
information in the souls are more straightforward than in the
tuelinhs.
It would help if you remembered that in the gates of
hell, there are no demons, wild beasts or cruel spirits to
torture and kill tuelinhs and souls. All images in the gates of
hell are illusions of the reaction process linking information
between the harmf ul energy particles in each hell gate with
the energy particles in the tuelinhs and souls. In addition, in
the gates of hell, there are no positive energy particles;
instead, they only exist as harmful energy particles. That will
help tuelinhs and souls qu ickly summarize the lessons for a
human life that they have experienced with things that have
caused harm to people, animals and all things.
Subjects who must live in hell are tuelinhs and souls
who, when they live in the human world, produce negative
energy particles with electric waves from strong to super
strong.

The Return of Tao Council will be based on harmful
energy particles produced from actions that harm people,
animals, and everything else to decide which prison the
tuelinhs and souls will have to live in. In particular, some
tuelinhs and souls have to go through many different prisons
because they produce different negative energy particles
when they live. There are even tuelinhs and souls that go
through all six great prison gates of hell.
The six great prison gates of tuelinhs and souls are:
- The prison gate of hard labour:
+ The prison gate of hard labour is divided into nine
small gates. Each door corresponds to different levels of
negative karma that they did while living in the human world.
+ The scene of life in the prison of hard labour is the
image of tuelinhs and souls having to do hard labour such as
carrying heavy objects, breaking rocks and doing many
harmful jobs while their limbs are chained. Besides, some
wild beasts and demons beat and torture them while they
work, especially when they are not allowed to eat or drink
even though they are hungry and thirsty.
+ When living in the human world and creating the
following negative karma, the tuelinhs and souls will have to
fall into the gates of brutal labour hell, which are being lazy to
work, cursing and beating workers, trampling on the dignity
of workers, exploiting and appropriating the labour of others.
- The prison gate of mortification:
+ The prison gate of mortification is divided into nine
small gates. Each door corresponds to different levels of
negative karma that they did while living in the human world.

The Transit Planet of Tuelinhs and Souls When They Incarnate as Humans in the
Human World

+ The life scene in the mortification prison consists of
pythons, snakes and giant wild beasts. The tuelinhs and souls
were thrown into the space where those ferocious beasts
were. Those evil beasts slithered and broke their bodies,
pursuing them to devour the tuelinhs and souls. This scene is
non-stop and goes on continuously for a very long time.
+ When living in the human world and creating the
following evil karma, they will fall into the gate of
mortification hell: lying causes damage to the wealth, health
and lives of others; crime of fraud; crime of robbery; crime of
appropriating other people 's property; crime of beating
animals; crime of beating and harming others; human
trafficking crime; doing business that violates the law and
trading in products that are harmful to human health and life.
- The gate of the cold night hell:
+ The great door of the cold night hell is divided into
nine small doors. Each door corresponds to different levels of
negative karma that they did while living in the human world.
+ The scene of living in a cold, dark prison door is the
image of a night with rain and snow falling and extremely
cold. Tuelinhs and souls found themselves being pierced into
the heart by ice arrows. They panicked, fled in the dark, cold,
rainy night, and were chased by giant ferocious beasts to
devour and devour. They found themselves hanging naked on
poles and animals jumping on them to eat them. Tuelinhs and
souls saw that they were evil demons with very long fangs and
that they were eating each other, while before, they had
intended to commit adultery with the other person. They saw
themselves die and then regain consciousness and were

chased and killed until they died and then regained
consciousness. This process repeats over a very long time.
+ When living in the human world and creating the
following evil karma, they will fall into the cold, night prison:
practising killing; killing animals for fun or for food; killing
animals for business to get rich; adultery, rape, paedophilia,
decide and c ause divorce; brokering or practising
prostitution; cursing and beating others; trample on other
people's dignity.
- The prison of the execution death penalty:
+ The jail of the execution death penalty is divided into
nine small gates. Each door corresponds to different levels of
negative karma that they did while living in the human world.
+ The living scene in the prison of the execution death
penalty is the image of five demons tearing the bodies of
tuelinhs and souls; is the scene where they are chased and
killed; are scenes of them being pushed into the abyss and
dying, scenes of being h it on the head and dying, scenes of
being killed and dissected, and many other scenes of killing.
The scene of them being killed was repeated many times for a
very long time.
+ When living in the human world and creating the
following evil karma, they will fall into the gates of hell and be
executed: inciting and inciting people to kill each other and
others; kill yourself; aborting and killing fetuses, trafficking in
organs and parts of the human body.

The Transit Planet of Tuelinhs and Souls When They Incarnate as Humans in the
Human World

- The gate of cremation hell:
+ The gate of cremation hell is divided into nine small
gates. Each door corresponds to different levels of negative
karma that they did while living in the human world.
+ The scene of life in the gate of cremation hell is the
scene in which tuelinhs and souls are chased by demons and
thrown into cauldrons of oil to burn to death. They are thrown
into volcanoes and burned to death by demons, were shot by
a fiery arrow and died, were set on fire and burned to death.
They were burned and died over and over again for a very
long time.
+ When living in the human world and creating the
following evil karma, they will fall into the gate of cremation
hell: beating, trampling, killing parents; trampling, and killing
their teachers; setting fire to kill people and themselves.
- The gate of frozen hell:
+ The door of frozen hell is divided into nine small
doors. Each door corresponds to different levels of negative
karma that they did while living in the human world.
+ The scene in the frozen prison door is endless.
Tuelinhs and souls are frozen, buried in glaciers and ice
mountains. They couldn't move their bodies; they were cold
and indescribable. The indescribable coldness is a lesson for
creating too much negative karma that causes enormous
harm to tuelinhs, humans, all things, and animals. It will take
them a very long time, the longest compared to other hell
gates, to learn the lessons of the negative karma they have
created, which are lessons for their strongest toxins when
living in the human world.

+ When living in the human world and creating the
following evil karma, they will fall into the icy hell:
embezzlement and corruption; inciting and making war;
inciting and creating ethnic conflicts; revealing national
secrets to cause consequences for the people and the country;
betray the Fatherland; enacting policies that harm people;
taking advantage of natural disasters and epidemics to
deceive and hurt people.
If tuelinhs and souls, when being human, create values
that are false to the truth about the path of spiritual practice
in the human world, and teach and spread false knowledge
about the origin and mission of the tuelinhs and humans,
spreading superstition , creating religious conflicts such as
slandering and causing religious wars, cursing God, cursing
Gods and Buddha, destroying temples, churches, and
ancestral graves; They will have to live in all the prisons of
hell; after that, they will suffer torment in the frozen gates of
hell.
When living in hell, tuelinhs and souls are under
illusions that make them think that they are people with
status, jobs, wealth, and gender just like when they were
humans. The illusions will help them learn lessons because
cruel acts have harmed people, animals and all things.
Thus, the living scenes of hell are crucial and extremely
valuable to help tuelinhs and souls learn the lesson of
recognising the toxins that have emerged as humans.
Therefore, after experiencing illusions to identify and reduce
the vibration speed of the negative particle system in their
structure, they will be transferred to the scene of letting go of
attachments to live.

The Transit Planet of Tuelinhs and Souls When They Incarnate as Humans in the
Human World

Remember, any action that creates grey harmful energy
particles with strong electric waves or more, the tuelinhs and
souls will have to live in hell. In particular, hell is not to punish
or torture tuelinhs and souls; it is a place to help them learn
lessons from the evil karma they create. The feeling of torture
and torture that the tuelinhs and souls feel when they live in
the gates of hell is a lesson for the sense of suffering they have
caused to people, animals and all things when they live in the
human world.
The living scene of letting go of attachments:
The living scene of letting go of attachments is the life
of tuelinhs and souls after the end of their time in hell. That
means that after they identify and understand the negative
values and injuries they have caused to people, animals and
everything, they will be moved into this living scene of letting
go of attachments. To transition to a life of letting go, they
must reduce the vibration speed of the negative energy
particle system after their experiences in hell. However, the
vibration speed of their n egative particle system is still
strong.
In addition, the scene of letting go of attachments is also
for those tuelinhs and souls with weak negative multiparticle
structures. They will be transferred to the living scene of
letting go of attachments after experiencing the residing
scene of waiting for judgment. As for the tuelinhs with this
weak level of multiparticle structure, they are people with
ignorant wisdom and attachment to four forms of the Tao
when living in the human world. They think and cause harm
to people, animals, and things at an insignificant level.

The purpose of the living scene of letting go is to help
tuelinhs and souls let go and eliminate attachments in the four
forms of the Tao while they are still living in the human world.
Attachments include being a person of status, power, wealth,
an engine er, teacher, businessman, worker, farmer, doctor,
etc. They cling to their body's appearance, careers, and every
form of life. They need to let go and purify their attachments
because it is information that does not bring value to their
reincarnation proce ss on their practice journey. Quickly
cleansing the information that carries the clinging nature of
harmful energy particles will help the tuelinhs and souls
rapidly transition to the living scene of energy state balance
before being reincarnated into the next human life.
To help tuelinhs and souls quickly let go of attachments,
the first tuelinh created a vast space with all kinds of harmful
energy particles with super-complex intelligence wave codes
with weak to strong electrical waves. Besides, he allowed each
tuelinh an d soul to have a small house. When tuelinhs and
souls are transferred into this life scene, the information
values of the energy particle system in the living space of
letting go will link with the information value of their energy
particle system to creat e Illusionary reactions to life. Their
illusions have different forms depending on their negative
particle system's information value and vibration level , from
weak to strong. Specifically, as follows: For tuelinhs and souls
when they are still living in the human world, they are
doctors, but in their illusion in the living scene of letting go of
attachments, they are also doctors with the tools of a docto r.
For tuelinhs and souls, they were teachers when living; the
illusion in their life of letting go is also teachers. For tuelinhs

The Transit Planet of Tuelinhs and Souls When They Incarnate as Humans in the
Human World

and souls , they are mandarins when living in the human
world; the illusion of letting go of them in the living scene is
also mandarins.
From the information connection of the energy
particles in the space of the living scene to letting go of the
information values in the negative energy particle system of
the tuelinhs and souls, the living space of this residing scene
is very gloomy. The e ntire space is covered in grey and dark
tones, an energy state representing the nature of that
connection. This living scene creates illusions such as rice
fields with farmers working, projects with workers building,
teachers with students and teaching, of ficials with small
offices to work in, researchers focusing on work, doctors
treating patients, etc. The architecture and buildings are
simple and small. Especially in this living situation, there is no
form of husband and wife and family like when they li ved in
the human world. That means that when living in the human
world, they were husband and wife and lived in the same
house, but when they lived in this living situation, they were
aware of it but did not live together. In this residing scene,
there is no day or night; it is only grey and black and white
space.
How quickly tuelinhs and souls live in this scene
depends on their process of letting go of attachments. Some
tuelinhs and souls soon eliminate attachments and quickly
move to the living scene of energy state balance . However,
many tuelinhs and souls have difficulty letting go and do not
readily transition to living in the energy state balance.

The living scene of energy state balance:
The living scene of energy state balance is the most
beautiful life of this transiting planet. That is the living space
for tuelinhs and souls after completing the lessons of letting
go of attachments in the residing scene of letting go. In
particular, when tuelinhs and souls live in this living scene, it
means they are preparing to reincarnate to the human world
to continue their practice journey in the human world.
This living scene is a vast space of countless low hills
interwoven with trees and grass. Each mountain is divided
into many small, equal parts; each part is just enough for a
tuelinh or soul to rest and meditate while balancing their
energy state. When all the tuelinhs and souls meditate in their
positions, it creates a beautiful scene due to the existence of
countless tuelinhs and souls in the space of the positive
energy group with super -strong electric waves, and later is
iridescent yellow super-energy.
The purpose of this living scene is to help tuelinhs and
souls be warmed by positive electric waves of shiny golden
super-energy (before the first tuelinh produced this type of
super-energy particle, he used the yellow positive energy
group with super -strong electric waves). After learning
lessons in the hellish life and the living scene of letting go, the
tuelinhs and souls will meditate to review their practice
journey in past human lives and learn the knowledge the
Return of Tao Council taught. This process helps tuelinhs and
souls quickly balance their energy state to have motivation
and energy for a new life. In addition, learning from the
Return of Tao Council will help them gain more experience

The Transit Planet of Tuelinhs and Souls When They Incarnate as Humans in the
Human World

and ability to overcome tribulations and suffering in the
human world.
Do you know any signs to tell that the tuelinhs and souls
on this planet have completed the living scene of energy state
balance? – That is, when looking at their appearance, they are
no longer the shape of the life they just went through. Instead,
they return to their original form of tuelinhs and souls. Then,
looking at this scene of life, you will see them who are
children. In addition, the negative energy particle system
within their structure no longer vibrates at a strong level or
more even though the nature of the particle has not changed.
After balancing the energy state in this living scene, the
tuelinhs and souls continue to enter the journey of
reincarnation as humans in the human world.
Please remember that this life scene balances the
energy state, not rebalance the energy particle structure in
the tuelinhs and souls. Balancing the energy state is to absorb
positive heat and trustworthy information to control and
reduce the vibrational s peed of the intellectual wave code in
their negative energy particle system. The tuelinhs and souls
must practice particle production in the human world to
balance and develop the energy particle structure.
This transit planet has no day or night. Each living scene
has different lights because they are created from groups of
energy that the first tuelinh put in to serve the purpose of each
life scene. It is understandable that in the hell life scene, there
are blood-red, black and grey tones caused by harmful energy
particles with strong to super -strong electric waves that
tuelinhs and souls cause when they live in the human world.

It is the living scene of letting go of attachments with grey and
dark tones because the harmful energy particles have weak
electric waves when alive. The toxic energy particles have
strong electric waves when they are transferred from the
hellish life, and that is the space that contains yellow positive
energy with super -strong electric waves, and later shiny
yellow super -energy in the living scene of energy state
balance.
After completing the construction of living scenes for
the transit planet, the first tuelinh arranged tuelinhs with
achievements in practice in the human world there to manage
and operate. They operated and worked wonderfully when
the first tuelinhs and souls came from the human world after
the end of a human life.
Did you know? After the tuelinhs and souls went to the
transit planet, the first tuelinh began training the tuelinhs to
do their duty at the Return of Tao Council. That means that in
this planet's early stages of operation and management, he
teaches knowle dge to tuelinhs and souls after they end a
human life on earth. Through his lectures, the tuelinhs on duty
at the Return of the Way Council will learn the method and
content for the lectures they will have to deliver. Just like that,
after a while, they co mpletely take on the task of teaching
knowledge to all tuelinhs and souls after they return to this
transit planet.
Do you know what knowledge "the Return of Tao
Council" teaches on this transiting planet? – The Council
always teaches the four teachings of the first tuelinh that he
spoke at the conference gathering humanity and the
knowledge related to the four forms of Tao. This knowledge

The Transit Planet of Tuelinhs and Souls When They Incarnate as Humans in the
Human World

helps the tuelinhs and souls understand what they did while
living in the human world; that is, they know what actions
help them produce positive energy particles and what actions
cause them to create harmful energy particles. From there,
they will compreh end and summarise valuable lessons to
have more ability and strength to overcome suffering and
tribulations when incarnated as humans. In particular, after
the first tuelinhs achieve achievements on the path of practice
in the human world, he will directly teach at the Return of Tao
Council so that the tuelinhs can learn and practice. After he
found and built an enlightened knowledge system by
successfully transforming his energy embryo into a single
energy filter in his past life and a dual-energy filter in this life,
he allowed the Return of Tao Council to teach all that
knowledge in all courses on the transiting planet. However, in
all classes, they must always teach the four commandments of
the first tuelinh. You must understand that his four
commandments are the guideline for all tuelinhs and humans
to practice to attain the unified Tao of the universe.
Do you know when the Return of Tao Council organises
the classes to help the tuelinhs and souls quickly enter the
journey of reincarnation? – Classes are held for the tuelinhs
and souls on this planet as follows:
- The class teaches doctrine to the tuelinhs and souls
when they finish their journey in the living scene of waiting
for judgment. This class helps the tuelinhs and souls recall all
the memories of important milestones in their lives, including
their achie vements, failures and the harm they caused to
everyone, people and everything in human life.

- The class teaches catechism to the tuelinhs and souls
after they end the living scene of hell. This class helps them
recognise the toxins they have caused to people, animals and
all things while living in the human world.
- The class teaches knowledge to the tuelinhs and souls
during the living scene of letting go. This class helps them
identify and let go of attachments to forms in life in the human
world.
- The class teaches knowledge to the tuelinhs and soul
as they live in the living scene of energy state balance. This
class helps them summarise all the lessons learned from their
recent human lives and receive positive information and
values of sustainable development. That will help them have
the strength and energy to easily overcome suffering and
practice producing positive energy particles in the human
world.
Thus, after completing the work of building the
transiting planet with its governing councils and living scenes,
the knowledge taught on this planet is gradually perfected
through the process of developing the enlightened
understanding of the first tuelinh . Up to now, the teaching
knowledge has been fulfilled in helping the tuelinhs and souls
on that planet through the wisdom of the two truths
associated with the smallest particle of energy.
Hey friends, the transit planet is magical to help
tuelinhs and souls on their practice journey in the human
world. Don't think that this is a dangerous place or that this is
a place where demons torture souls and tuelinhs. That is an
important place and a must-visit place for tuelinhs and souls
who have practised the mechanism of producing harmful

The Transit Planet of Tuelinhs and Souls When They Incarnate as Humans in the
Human World

particles while living in the human world. Suppose those
tuelinhs and souls do not return to this planet to learn lessons
for what they did in their human lives. In that case, they will
have to fall where their human lives ended, or they will have
difficulty overcoming the tribulation when reincarnated as a
human. You must understand that when those tuelinhs and
souls return here right after the end of human life, they will
shorten their practice journey in the human world because
they are not interrupted by long periods damned where they
end their human lives. As tuelinhs and souls quickly enter the
journey of transformation, they will soon achieve their final
achievements on the path of practice in the human world.
Of course, you would like to return to heaven after a
human life and do not want to go to this transiting planet. It
would help if you practised generating positive energy
particles to return to that beautiful place. On the contrary, if
you practice the me chanism of producing harmful energy
particles, you must return to the transiting planet to achieve
the fastest and most effective transformation journey."
A student asked the Teacher, "Teacher , if a person
produces a cluster of many negative energy particles, but they
also produce many positive energy particles, will that soul go
to heaven or the transiting planet after the end of human life?"
The Master said, "That soul must go to the transiting
planet because they have produced the negative multiparticle
energy cluster. That soul must go there to learn lessons from
the negative values and toxins they have caused to people,
animals and everything. When returning to the transiting
planet, all will learn enlightened knowledge for their actions

in the human world and relearn four commandments of the
first tuelinh in the conference gathering humanity."
The student continued to ask, "Teacher , when people
ever produce clusters of energy particles with multiple
negative particles at a weak level or higher, then they learn
the enlightened knowledge of the two truths associated with
the smallest energy particles, and they practice producing
positive energy particles through spreading that knowledge
to everyone; where will those tuelinhs go after their human
lives end?"
He replied, "The purpose of the transiting planet is to
help the tuelinhs and souls learn the lessons from the toxins
they inflicted on everyone and everything when they were
human. The next is to help them balance the energy state in
the negative multiparticle clusters in their particle structure.
Therefore, when people practice producing positive energy
particles after learning the enlightened knowledge of the two
truths despite having produced negative energy particles,
they will return to heaven after t he end of their lives. Why?
Through the knowledge of the two truths, they understood all
their toxins and activated their good elements by producing
positive energy particles. That means they have learned all
their lessons and practised positive particle p roduction to
reconstruct the negative multiparticle cluster and develop
their composite particle structure to grow according to the
production mechanism of positive particles. Therefore, they
have enough strength to reincarnate, and the place they
return to is paradise to rest before reincarnating as humans
in the next life."

The Transit Planet of Tuelinhs and Souls When They Incarnate as Humans in the
Human World

Another student immediately asked, "Teacher , what
happens in the opposite case? Everyone who learns the
knowledge of the two truths and practices produces a few
positive energy particles. However, after that, they no longer
learn and practice according to knowledge; instead, they
practice the mechan ism of producing negative energy
particles. After their human life ends, can they return to
heaven?"
The Teacher replied, "Of course, they cannot go to
heaven. They must return to the transit planet, and their living
situation will be hell. That is inevitable because their toxins
have harmed people, animals, and everything else by
producing negative energ y particles. The fact that they
produce negative particles after having studied and practised
enlightened knowledge shows that there are too many toxins
in them and that they have not truly learned knowledge. If a
person learns the two true truths, they wi ll never produce
negative energy particles to harm everyone and everything."

Completed book two, December 18, 2023
In the capital, Hanoi, Vietnam.