Chapter Sixty-Six

Replication and Bombardment of Energy
Particles in Tuelinh and Soul

The scent of orchids on the balcony blends with the cold
breeze of the approaching Tet holiday. The teacher is
watering the pots of colourful orchids because they have
bloomed and welcomed the new year with him. Besides, the
scents of flowers and a kumquat tree on the balcony drift into
the living room with every breeze, filling his house with the
atmosphere of the new year even though the latest year for
him is elementary and uncomplicated, like every house.
After taking care of and watering the ornamental plants
on the balcony, he made a pot of hot tea and sat down to enjoy
the excellent taste of the tea with the cold wind blowing in
from the balcony. He sat down to enjoy tea in a relaxed mood
and enjoyed the last days of the year after his courses and
achieved many achievements in helping many people
overcome mental illness and suffering in life. He looked at the
kumquat tree with many ripe yellow fruits, which coloured
the atmosphere of the Vietnamese people celebrating the New

Year. Kumquat and peach are two unique ornamental plants
every family buys to display on New Year's Day. This year, the
balcony of the teacher's house is a magnificent kumquat tree,
and it fits the balcony space. That's the tree that a woman,
she's like his older sister, bought for him. If the teacher hadn't
reminded her this year, she would have purchased a large pot
of peach trees like last year. Last New Year, she bought a giant
peach tree, which took up the entire living room space of the
teacher's hous e. Because the teacher reminded her, she
purchased a small kumquat tree for him instead of buying a
peach tree like last year.
Speaking of this woman, she is Ms. Phuong. She is
someone he knew when he was a university student. She also
witnessed the teacher's journey of practising and spreading
enlightened wisdom. Not only that, she also brought her two
children to learn the teach er's knowledge when she
discovered that they had symptoms related to spiritual issues.
After her two children learned and returned to normal, the
eldest son went to college in the US, and the daughter went to
study abroad in Japan.
He enjoyed tea while reminiscing about memories with
Ms. Phuong and her children. He still remembers the first days
of teaching her oldest son, Dzung. He taught Dzung to learn
meditation and methods to handle and neutralize ghost -
infested lands after helping Dzung overcome spiritual
problems in 11th grade. After that, although Dzung went to
school in America, he still guides Dzung's mother to guide him
in situations dealing with spiritual issues when he can see
lands where ghosts and demons reside. That is the problem
that Dzung used to encounter: whenever he goes to places

Replication and Bombardment of Energy Particles in Tuelinh and Soul

with ghosts, Dzung would get headaches and lose control.
However, after learning and being instructed on handling
methods from the teacher, Dzung gained the ability to
meditate to see them. In particular, Dzung can meditate to
return to the transiting planet and heaven. Because of that,
Ms. Phuong asked Dzung many times to meditate and handle
spiritual issues while he was studying in America. Dzung's
sister is Nga, a girl who also has spiritual problems. However,
after learning from the teacher, Nga can med itate and has
methods to overcome spiritual issues.
Immersed in reminiscences, Ms . Phuong and her
children arrived at the teacher's house. Like every year, she
and her children often visit the teacher's house when her two
children return home for the holidays. This year, Dzung
finished his studies and returned home to work. Only Nga is
still studying in Japan and has just returned home. Therefore,
Ms. Phuong made an appointment with the teacher to visit his
house before Tet. She is a very good person to him; she has
helped him greatly in his life and his jou rney of spreading
knowledge. Therefore, the teacher and she are like two sisters
in one family.
Everyone enjoys tea together in a relaxed mood, as if
there are no worries or problems in life, even though every
family is busy with preparations for welcoming the new year.
She and her children still remember reviewing the stories
about their learning journey and practising the knowledge of
the two truths while they spent time in three different
countries. Thrilling and fascinating stories back then have
been decoded with energy particles and excellent knowledge.

Dzung said, "When I first came to America to study, I
couldn't go out on weekends. I had to stay in the dormitory on
the school campus. At that time, every time I closed my eyes,
I saw a lot of ghosts. They knew I could help them return to
the transiting planet , so they came to my room. It took me
many weeks to neutralize each area on the school campus.
After that, I can go out on the weekends."
Ms. Phuong said, "That's right. Fortunately, Dzung had
learned knowledge and was taught methods to deal with
demons before going to study abroad. Otherwise, he would
not have been able to study there. I remember that when
Dzung was still studying in Vietnam, every time he went to
take extra classes at the teachers' houses, if there were ghosts
in the house, Dzung could not study. At that time, Dzung was
affected by negative energy, and his soul was also weak, so he
was affected. It's truly miraculous. When people learn to
understand the truth about the origin and practice missions
in the human world of tuelinhs and souls, they practice a few
simple methods to help ghosts and demons return to the
transit planet. In particular, the body becomes miraculously
healthy. That has caused so many people to spend a lot of
money to perform rituals with psychics to neutralize demons,
but they still cannot recover and cannot overcome their
spiritual problems. Do you know? After Dzung told me about
neutralizing demons and said that in American schools, there
were many spirits and demons trapped in the land, I saw that
not only Vietnam has demons, but they exist everywhere on
this earth. At that time, I was delighted because Dzung could
neutralize and protect himself. After that, whenever I felt a
problem, I called Dzung to meditate from the US to check on

Replication and Bombardment of Energy Particles in Tuelinh and Soul

our home and my workplace in Hanoi. You know, my job often
requires performing autopsies at night. Therefore, when I
finish work, I often go home and see strange phenomena in
my house. I have a clear feeling when souls are trapped and
cannot be rescued by themselves. They follow me and want to
let me know so I can help them. During times like that, I called
Dzung and asked Dzung to meditate and check. After that,
Dzung meditated and saw spirits following me into the house.
At that time, Dzung helped them return to the transit planet.
However, there was a time when Dzung could not resolve it
because the souls were very attached. So , Dzung asked them
if they wanted to listen to lectures on the four forms of Tao,
and they agreed. Then, I played some of your lectures for them
to listen to. When they were almost done listening, they
returned to the transit planet. Initially, when Dzung
meditated, he saw that the soul radiated blood-red energy and
was very ferocious. However, after listening to a few lectures
that I played on a loudspeaker for them, they regained balance
and radiated grey -white energy. Before I let them listen to
your lectures, I felt pain in my shoulders, neck, and head. Was
it because those souls influenced me, and they hoped that I
would help them?"
The teacher replied, "That's right. Because of your job,
you often have to come into contact with corpses. Their souls
may resent being killed, so their structure's negative energy
particle system vibrates very strongly and creates a
mechanism to copy nega tive energy particles into the
surrounding environment. Especially since they know you are
a good person and have a method to help them return to the
transiting planet, they will follow you to inform you to help

them. Do you know? Religions that talk about demons and evil
spirits are extremely pitiful to these trapped souls. Religions
do not understand the origin and practice plan of the tuelinhs
and souls in the human world. In particular, they do not know
the sm allest energy particles and their nature. Therefore,
when spiritual masters and Zen masters see spirits with
monstrous and demonic forms, they think they are demons.
You studied knowledge so you understood the nature of
trapped souls. Dead souls that gener ate maximum
resentment will cause the negative energy particle system to
vibrate to the maximum, and the electric waves become super
strong with the blood -red colour of the energy state. At that
time, they created monstrous forms, and they called him the
devil. Dead souls that are resentful but not at their strongest
level create black energy states; these are the souls of
ferocious beasts and the souls of people who harm others and
animals; they were called goblins. In addition, other spirits
that hurt and frighten people exist worldwide. When spirits
like demons hear teachings on the Tao, they quickly balance
their energy state and return to being normal souls, which is
also what the transiting planet is helping them to rebalance
their energy state after one lifetime."
"I don't understand why those souls can affect my body.
Is it because the soul inside me is unhealthy so that they can
influence it?"
The teacher replied, "No. Your soul is powerful.
Because your soul is strong, you are a good person, while your
colleagues around you always find ways to be corrupt. Your
soul is strong because she is a wonderful mother when you
help your two children unde rstand the way of the universe,

Replication and Bombardment of Energy Particles in Tuelinh and Soul

which is the knowledge of the two truths. Your soul is strong
because you are dedicated and help people at work. Do you
know why you feel pain in your shoulders and neck and a
heavy head when souls come to you for help? Imagine that
when you go outside wit h temperatures above 40 degrees
Celsius. Do you feel comfortable and refreshed?"
"Of course, I feel uncomfortable and tired."
The teacher continued, "It is just like bad weather. The
souls emit toxins because the vibrational speed of their
harmful particles causes them to be copied and bombarded
into the surrounding environment. When toxic negative
particles are bombarded into th e surrounding environment,
people and energy structures in that place will be affected. In
particular, targeted bombardments from souls will
significantly affect the target. Because you are a good person
and your soul is very excellent, the phenomenon of s houlder
pain, neck pain and heaviness in the head when bombarded
by souls with high radiation levels only causes such
phenomena if people do many evil deeds when they are
affected. Hence, their minds become out of control, leading to
later evil actions.
When tuelinhs and souls have resentment, anger, and
hatred, it will cause the negative energy particle system
within them to vibrate from robust to maximum levels. At that
time, in their structure, a mechanism occurs to copy harmful
energy particles, and t hose particles bombard the
surrounding environment. When those toxic energy particles
bombard people, they will react differently. People with a
negative multiparticle soul structure will see ghosts and
demons and even see illusions and hallucinations. Peo ple

with a balanced soul structure will experience shoulder and
neck pain or no symptoms. However, when those souls find
someone who can help them return to the transiting planet,
they will have to follow them and exert as much influence as
possible so that th ose people can recognize them and help
them attain release.
However, you are different from people who have
mental illness and those who can see demons with their third
eye. You did not see anything, and due to the nature of your
work, the spirits tried to influence you to help them.
Meanwhile, people with fragile soul structures may see
images within their negative energy particle system and may
be external souls. Those people could not distinguish between
demons and information in their negative energy particle
system, which is bombarding.
As I told everyone in class, using supernatural powers
and meditation is extremely dangerous when they don't
understand the knowledge. The toxic information easily
influences their negative particle system; they think they have
magical powers and magic. In addition, meditators are also
operated by five messengers to help people release all the
toxins inside the soul. Even though I gave them clear
instructions, many students still do not listen and are
immersed in delusions about magical powers and meditation
that lead to the wrong path."
"Since you reminded me about not overusing
meditation and neutralizing trapped souls for others, I told
Dzung. And for a long time, whenever someone asked Dzung
to check and solve the problem, Dzung guided them to learn

Replication and Bombardment of Energy Particles in Tuelinh and Soul

to understand and solve it themselves." Ms. Phuong continued
the teacher's words.
The teacher said, "Dzung is a student and has not been
caught up in the worries of life, not yet influenced by material
forms. That's because he has a mother who teaches him so
that he has a holy mind. Therefore, when he helps others with
the abilities he learns, it will not cause him to have greed and
self-interest. Many people abuse supernatural powers and
meditation in the hope of receiving money from the people
they help resolve spiritual problems. It is a manifestation of
the toxicity and greed of some one who has a way to help
people and souls. When helping people and trapped souls by
greed and toxicity, the energy from Nalas Nalanda will not
connect and will not help bring the trapped souls to the
transiting planet even if the person meditates and sees that it
has been resolved."
She said, "I have experienced some exciting situations.
Let me tell you, then ask you to analyze it for me to
understand.
The first case was at my office; every time I had to work
and sit next to a leader, I felt like needles were shooting into
my body. I felt sharp pain in many places on my skin, heavy
head, and neck and shoulder fatigue. But I don't have those
phenomena when I don't stand or sit next to that person. That
leader is not a good person and is greedy at work. He corrupts
money from people and even colleagues when taking all
employee rewards.
The second case was when I came into contact with
people with mental illness; I also felt negative energy shooting

at me from them. However, it is not as strong as the leader in
my office.
The third case was when I talked to a woman with
metastatic cancer. When talking to that person, I found her
resentful and hateful of others. I felt the poisonous energy
streams shooting into me from that woman. That toxic energy
is stronger than the case of the leader and those mentally ill
people.
Please explain those phenomena to my children and me
so we can gain more knowledge . I also will tell it to my
friends."
The teacher replied, "Those three cases have different
levels of bombardment by harmful energy particles. As
follows:
In the case of mentally ill people causing the slightest
toxic energy impact on you, it is because they have lost control
of their thoughts and actions. Their loss of control is caused
by negative multiparticle energy clusters in their souls. The
process of copying and bombarding harmful energy particles
in them is that there is only one environment that stimulates
them to reproduce and shoot harmful particles: the soul's
internal environment. The soul's interna l environment is
negative information encoded in harmful energy particles
produced in the past and past lives. That information
interacts with each other to form a mechanism to copy and
bombard harmful particles into the outside environment. It
can be seen that this case has a low level of negative pa rticle
bombardment because there is no participation in reacting to
negative information from the outside environment.

Replication and Bombardment of Energy Particles in Tuelinh and Soul

Therefore, the level of harm is similar to the souls trapped in
the land.
In the case of a leader at your agency, that person has a
negative multiparticle soul structure, and the toxins in the
original negative energy particle are exploding at the
vibrational speed of the negative multiparticle clusters at an
intense level or higher. That is an amount of toxicity that can
be equivalent to the case of mentally ill people. However, that
person has toxic information from the outside environment
that interacts with toxins inside his soul and wisdom. That is
the environment around him where many people take
advantage of their positions for embezzlement and
corruption. He needs to satisfy many things for himself and
his family. Because his wisdom can perceive and be alert, it
forms a reaction between two types of toxins from the
external environment and the internal environment of the
soul. Therefore, the person's toxins develop at an extreme
level. In addition, that person is practising embezzlement and
corruption, so his soul combines the negative particle copying
mechanism like mentally ill people and the negative particle
production mechanism of sane people. As a result, that person
produced and copied harmful particles with potent toxins,
and it bombarded people around him. Therefore, the level of
impact on everyone around is enormous.
The third case is similar to the second one in that it
involves interactions between the toxins of the soul's internal
and external environment. The external environment is that
she is resentful and hateful towards others. However, in that
woman, more toxi ns have been released to the outside.
Expressions of resentment and hatred represent the most

substantial level of toxicity, which is stronger than the level of
the leader's actions. When people hold grudges, the harmful
energy particles in their souls will vibrate at maximum levels
and form a blood-red energy state. At that time, their soul had
just produced blood-red harmful particles due to the practice
of spreading hatred, and the soul copied the damaging
particles in the particle structure that had been produced in
the past life. As a result, the number of harmful particles that
bombard the surrounding people are both negative particles
copied from polyphonic particle clusters in the soul produced
in the past and new toxic negative energy particles produced
by practice spreading the ignorant wisdom of hatred.
So, all three cases have a mechanism to copy harmful
energy particles from negative multiparticle clusters
produced in the past. However, the two cases did not suffer
from mental illness; they had an additional mechanism of
particle production because they were practising acts of
ignorance at different levels. That also shows that when
humans implemen t the mechanism to produce harmful
energy particles, it also activates the mechanism to copy
negative particles in multiple negative particle clusters
produced in the past. That's why their negative particle
bombardment is stronger than mentally ill people who are no
longer sane."
With an unsatisfied expression, she asked, "Can you
explain more about the mechanism of copying negative
energy particles? I understand the mechanism of energy
particle production."
Dzung immediately asked the teacher, "Is there a
mechanism to copy positive energy particles and energy

Replication and Bombardment of Energy Particles in Tuelinh and Soul

superparticles? Because when you talked to my mother, I
meditated to look at the tuelinh within you. When you weren't
talking about the knowledge of the two truths, and even when
you weren't talking, in your tuelinh, superparticles of
sparkling yellow and lapis lazuli blue energy still radiated. It's
like halos of light radiating around. However, when you talked
and analyzed knowledge, the tuelinh within you radiated
many of those energy superparticles to everyone around you.
I feel like my body is hot when I concentrate on listening to
your talk."
The teacher said, "The energy particle replication
mechanism includes all negative, neutral, and positive
particles and energy superparticles.
The mechanism for producing energy particles must go
through the interaction process between subjects, followed
by the generation of thoughts, the encoding of information,
the creation of ideology, and finally, actions that interact with
the external envir onment. At the end of the actions, energy
particles from the soul's yin and yang energy embryo are
produced.
However, the energy particle copying mechanism only
requires an interaction process with subjects with the same
information content in the internal energy particle structure
of the tuelinh and soul. Then, the energy particles will be
copied and moved to the surrounding environment without
having to go through the pr ocess of encoding information
from the outside environment, without the need for the
process of creating ideology and action to interact with
external entities. It can be understood that the copy ing
mechanism is the process of information reaction in the

internal environment of the tuelinh and soul through
previous interaction to activate the internal information
reaction process of the tuelinh and soul structure. Thus, the
copying mechanism is just an internal information reaction
process within the struc ture of the tuelinh and soul when
previous interactions with external subjects activate it. The
external subject of the soul and tuelinh is the human body, the
human brain in which the tuelinh or soul resides, or has
resided in the case of souls trapped in the human world after
the body is dead.
Let me give you some specific cases so you and your
mother can understand clearly:
- The case of souls trapped in the lands:
+ There is a couple who love each other, and they want
to become husband and wife. However, the parents of one of
the parties prevented them from becoming husband and wife.
They become miserable and lose control of their thoughts
because they love each oth er but cannot be together. They
decided to commit suicide with the thought that their two
souls would always be together after death. Finally, they went
up a bridge together to commit suicide in the deep and wide
river below. However, when committing suici de, only one
person dropped into the river while the other did not. After
the soul of the person who died in the river learned the truth
that their lover betrayed them and was not by their side, that
soul became resentful towards her lover. The interaction and
activation of resentment causes all the harmful energy
particles with information about love in the soul structure to
agitate and vibrate to the maximum level. That causes that
soul's entire negative particle structure to vibrate, creating a

Replication and Bombardment of Energy Particles in Tuelinh and Soul

blood-red energy state. As a result, that soul has a mechanism
to copy those blood -red harmful energy particles into the
surrounding environment.
+ In case a person is murdered, his soul becomes angry
with the murderer who took his life. In addition, he also
regrets material values and what he owned when he was
alive. Therefore, the interaction and the act of being killed
caused their negative energ y particle system to vibrate very
strongly to super strong. Finally, black or blood -red harmful
energy particles are copied and bombarded into the
surrounding environment. This case helps you understand
why when you do autopsy work, spirits often follow yo u to
ask you to help them, and they bombard you and the
surrounding environment with very strong harmful particles.
- In the case of children with autism and mental
illnesses since birth. In these cases, tuelinhs and souls have
negative energy multiparticle structures at very strong and
super strong levels. Although before being reincarnated as
humans, they had balanced their energy state on the
transiting planet, staying as a baby for a new human life
caused their negative energy particle system to shake
vigorously and exceptionally strongly. At that time, the energy
state of the harmful particles becomes black or blood-red. As
a result, harmful energy particles are copied and bombarded
into the surrounding environment. In addition, the vibrating
process of harmful energy particles causes the toxic
information in the negative energy particles produced from
past lives to bombard the brains of those babies. At that time,
that child could not listen to and follow teachers' and parents'
instructions at home. Instead, those children are influenced

and immersed in scenes from past lives that are being
replayed in their brains. That makes them considered autistic,
hyperactive, depressed, and mentally ill children. Those souls
had a mechanism to copy harmful energy particles as soon as
they were reinca rnated as humans because there were too
many harmful energy particles in their structure. Those
negative energy particles contain information that causes
harm to people, animals, and everything in past lives. That
makes those tuelinhs and souls panic when incarnated as
humans and cannot be reformed. The panic triggered the
negative energy particle system in the negative multiparticle
clusters to shake, and it caused the entire negative particle
system in the structure to go out of control. As a result, those
souls lose control of the baby's body, and they live in past lives
from the replication and bombardment of the negative
particle system within them.
- In cases where there are people who are healthy and
mentally alert, they suddenly suffer from depression,
hallucinations, anxiety disorders, insomnia, and
schizophrenia. They can suffer from mental health problems
ranging from mild to severe, causing them to lose control and
commit suicide. These cases are diverse situations of mental
illness; some people get mentally ill because of love, some
people get mentally sick because of praying, some people
develop a mental illness because of parents' pressure to
study, and some people get mentally sick because of business
losses, some people have mentally ill because of the desire to
get rich, some people have a mental illness because of work
pressure, some people have mentally sick because of
practising meditati on or spirituality. These cases of mental

Replication and Bombardment of Energy Particles in Tuelinh and Soul

illness have a common characteristic: before they got ill, they
had a process of interacting with a specific type of information
content such as studying, working at the office, love, work,
family, getting rich, and many other content. Why do they
experience mental illness when interacting in such content,
but others do not? That's because, in their souls, there are
clusters of harmful energy particles related to that content.
Therefore, when they interact with the same content in the
negative multiparticle clusters in this human life, those
particle clusters will shake out of control, and a mechanism of
copying and bombardment of harmful energy particles will
occur. Negative energy particles, in addition to being copied
and bombarded into the outside enviro nment, also create
images, sounds, languages, and realistic life scenes in the
brains of those people. That causes those people to be
dominated by toxic information in the negative energy
particle system, and they are immersed in the life scenes of
past lives without being aware of the difference between the
present and the past. That explains why they often talk and
laugh alone, why they assault others, and why they cry and act
strangely. Their souls are caught up in negative life scenes in
past lives, and they are not aware that they are living in the
present life.
- In the case of people practising meditation and
supernatural powers. They often see life scenes on certain
planets and talk with angels, Buddha, or God. They then
recognized them as supreme souls with the mission to save
humanity. Finally, they preached prayers and meditation to
return to God's kingdom, Buddha's kingdom. Those people do
not know that what they see is all an illusion because the

negative information values in the harmful energy particles in
their particle structure are disordered. They also don't know
that they have multiple harmful energy particles in their
structure, that they are experiencing toxic energy particle
copying, and that their brains are being bombarded with
negative information and disorder. That makes them unable
to understand the nature of the truth about their origin and
spiritual practice in the human world, so they sink into the
negative information that their past lives have created. These
magical powers, prayers, and meditations attract people to
follow them. These people have the mechanism of copying
harmful energy particles due to their interactions with
practitioners and their religious or spiritual practices. At that
time, the clusters of harmful energy particles in their souls
were stimulated by the same current information content, so
they were bombarded and copied by harmful energy
particles. As a result, they can hear and see the invisible
world. However, it is an illusion and a mental illness.
- In the case of your boss and the woman you
mentioned. They have the phenomenon of copying harmful
energy particles because they interact with the subjects of the
external environment. In their souls are clusters of energy
particles related to that conten t. Therefore, the interaction
process causes them to have an energy particle replication
mechanism, and they lose control of the bombardment of
those toxic energy particles.
- In the case of Dzung, learners also saw and felt. That's
when they sat next to me while I wasn't preaching or
discussing the knowledge of the two truths. They also
received energy super particles, and their bodies became

Replication and Bombardment of Energy Particles in Tuelinh and Soul

warm. That is also the mechanism of copying positive energy
particles and energy superparticles inside my tuelinh that is
taking place. For this particle copying mechanism to occur, it
is the process of awakening to know the truth about my
tuelinh and my mission in this human world. After that, I
regained my intelligence and carried out my mission. Those
things are the interactive process that makes the tuelinh
inside practice the mechanism of copying superparticles even
without giving lectures. As for why the energy superparticles
are copied, it is because the energy embryo inside the tuelinh
is a dual-energy filter, so it automatically produces or copies
energy superparticles and radiates into the surrounding
environment.
In addition, you need to understand that the
mechanism of copying energy particles is different from the
mechanism of producing energy particles as follows:
- When humans use the mechanism to produce positive
energy particles, neutral and negative particles with weak
electric waves are also made.
- However, the positive energy particle copying
mechanism does not copy harmful particles with weak
electric waves and neutral particles.
That means that people with a negative multiparticle
structure will have negative particle replication and
bombardment after the interaction that activates the negative
particle replication mechanism. On the contrary, people with
a balanced particle structure will copy positive energy
particles or superparticles if the tuelinh has an energy filter
after the activation of the positive particle and the
superparticle replication mechanism has occurred. Harmful

particles with weak electric waves and neutral particles are
not copied when positive particles are copied.
The copied yin and yang energy particles are not
structured and connected to the structure of the tuelinh and
soul. They are just energy particles that are copied and will
self-destruct after a period of existence within their structure
and outside. That i s so that everyone understands that, to
develop the tuelinh structure to become more robust and
mature, everyone must practice sustainable energy particle
production mechanism."
"It's great; my children and I learned more about
energy particles today. Indeed, without the knowledge of the
two truths and energy particles, I cannot explain phenomena
such as ghost possession, spiritual problems, mental illness
and even cancer. From my understanding, after learning
knowledge from you, I have helped many of my relatives and
friends overcome mental illness. Especially when my friends
have depression due to the breakdown of their marriage, they
almost lose control of their thoughts and wan t to commit
suicide. However, after I learned, I supported them by letting
them listen to your lectures and explaining the origin and
mission of practice in the human world. It's wonderful that
after listening to a few of your lectures, they regain balance
and no longer want to commit suicide. When I am at work,
they call me to boast that the lecture they just heard was
excellent. Those achievements make me very happy, and I
constantly receive more knowledge from you."