Chapter Sixty-Seven

Regenerating and Rebalancing the
Particle Structure in Soul/Tuelinh

While the Teacher was sitting and chatting with his
students in the office, another student brought a man with a
worn look into the room. That student immediately told the
Teacher, "Teacher, this is an acquaintance of mine. He has
practised many different methods of spiritual practice in
religions. However, he has unusual symptoms and is very
aware of them. When he told me his problems, I understood
and explained that he had an imbalance in the energy particle
structure inside his soul. However, because I have just learned
your knowledge, I cannot explain and analyse deeply for him
to understand. Therefore, I told him about the Teacher and
your knowledge, two truths that have more magical power
than all the methods of practice in the human world. When he
heard that, he expressed doubts and wanted to see the
Teacher to get answers and solve his problems."
The Teacher looked at that man and saw that the soul
inside had a robust mechanism for copying harmful energy
particles. Negative energy particles bombard and destroy the

body's cells. That caused his eyes to be dull, his skin pale, and
his body to have many diseases. In addition, he has been
experiencing headaches and discomfort since entering this
office. The energy reaction of a soul with a negative
multiparticle copies and bombards harmful particles into the
environment of super-energy particles in the Teacher and his
working space. That is what people with negative energy
multiparticle structures in the soul will have to happen when
talking or sitting near the Teacher. They will adapt when the
energy from the teacher copies and moves to assist in
rebalancing their emotions and state after a few minutes.
Therefore, the Teacher looked at the man and said, "Let's
relax and talk to the people around first. That puts you in a
better mood to chat and discuss."
Understanding what the Teacher meant, the students
talked to that man. The man became open during the
conversation and confided about his cultivation journey in
various religious and spiritual sects. That conversation
helped that man relieve the tension an d pressure from the
bombardment of harmful energy particles in his soul. Besides,
the Teacher sees that that person has practised too many
different methods and is infected with many dangerous and
misleading ideas about the origin and mission of practice i n
the human world. That causes the soul inside to have
information disorder and the phenomenon of toxic energy
particles being copied into the surrounding environment. In
addition, that person also taught those practised methods to
many others, so the soul inside produced a lot of negative
energy with very strong to super strong toxins. That caused

Regenerating and Rebalancing the Particle Structure in Soul/Tuelinh

his soul to become out of control due to his toxins and the
actions of ignorance that had been created on everyone.
Realising that the man's headache was relieved and his
mood was better after an hour of chatting with the Teacher's
students, the Teacher said, "Please share the problems you
encountered after practising a lot of different methods."
"I have practised many different sects of Buddhism,
such as tantra, meditation, pure land, prayer and many other
spiritual methods. I greatly admire the famous practitioners
of those sects, so I found teachers with experience practising
in those sects to l earn and practice. I can talk to spirits,
demons, ancestors, God, and Buddha. Buddha told me that I
had a mission to save humanity and taught me many magic
spells to worship and heal people. After that, I performed
rituals to release people's karma and rituals for the dead and
guided everyone to follow me in practice. However, there are
a few cases where my students were possessed by demons
and lost control after studying and practising what I taught. I
tried to help them but couldn't. I constantly see demons when
I'm not meditating, and it makes me sometimes unable to
distinguish between who is real and who is the devil. I
understand that my third eye and chakras are open and out of
control, so negative energy from the outside enters my body.
It causes me n eck and shoulder pain, many illnesses, and
sometimes I can't control my thoughts."
The teacher asked, "Do you believe that the methods
you practice are good and bring value to you on your path of
practice in the human world?"
"Of course, sir. Practising meditation helps me see and
know things that humans cannot. Specifically, I can chat with

Buddha, God, and the souls of the dead. Practising the
Buddha's name (pure land) method helps me gain more
strength and protection from Buddha when I practice
spiritual rituals. In particular, it is a wonderful and easy
method to practice so that after death, I will be reborn in the
land of Buddha. Practising tantra helps me have magic and
mantras to neutralise demons. Practising rituals to pray to
Buddha and God is to help me receive protection and
blessings from them. Those are all great methods for
everyone to practice."
The teacher asked, "The problems you are having are
manifestations of mental illness and pathology. So, do you
know why you have those problems?"
"Because I couldn't understand or explain why I had
those phenomena, I came to see you to get answers to my
questions after your student said I had an imbalance in the
energy particle structure in my soul. When I heard that, I
wondered why someone would cr eate knowledge of two
truths and talk about the energy particle structure of the soul
and the smallest energy particle. I am curious about your
knowledge. However, the methods I have been practising are
the most wonderful because Buddha attained enlightenm ent
and passed those methods on to humanity."
The teacher said, "The knowledge transmitted by
enlightened beings like Buddha today is no longer true. That
knowledge has been distorted and changed over time by the
personal views of those who recorded and copied it. However,
much of its knowledge guides people to practice good deeds
and avoid evil deeds. The same is true of the knowledge of
other religions."

Regenerating and Rebalancing the Particle Structure in Soul/Tuelinh

"So you deny all knowledge of religions?"
The teacher continued, "Hey , you! If knowledge in
religions, sects and spiritual practices advises people to
slaughter animals to pray to Buddha and God, do you think it
is true or false? Is it the teachings of Buddha and God, or are
they words brought in by humans? Hey you, if the knowledge
of religions and sects keeps people from knowing about the
origin, the mission of practice in the human world, and the
practice method of producing sustainable energy particles,
that knowledge has no value. In addition, that knowledge
causes people to be immersed in the toxins created by greed,
selfishness, and ignorance in praying, chanting, and
supernatural powers without understanding the truth to
practice and produce sustainable energy particles on the path
of practice in the human world.
Do you understand what types of energy particles
meditation, prayer, chanting, and rituals help you produce?
Do you know what the energy particle structure of your soul
will be like after practising those methods? People meditate
to explore the worldview o f the universe, which is good but
does not bring enlightenment. It's like a chick wanting to
meditate to explore and hoping to turn into an egg. To
understand this, you must understand the origin and practice
mission of the tuelinhs (souls) before they mad e the great
vow to reincarnate as humans. Meditation makes people
think they are enlightened when they see scenes in the
universe, see different energies, and see God or Buddha. They
believe that they have supernatural powers and
enlightenment. They think they reach higher levels of
enlightenment when they are pure and peaceful in

meditation. Because people do not understand the origin and
mission of practice, they believe that being happy and
knowing what others do not know about the tuelinh (soul)
world means they are enlightened. That's a delusion.
Enlightenment is understanding the truth of everything in
and out of the universe, then finding and practising the
method of producing sustainable energy particles so that the
tuelinh structure can mature in balance. Meditation, prayers,
rituals, chanting, and supernatural powers cannot help
humans create sustainable energy particles for the souls. On
the contrary, they cause the souls to absorb harmful and false
information and produce harmful negative energy particles.
Toxic negative energy particles form a negative energy
multiparticle structure in the soul. That causes people to lose
control of their thoughts and actions, producing countless
harmful energy particles. As a result, those souls will be
attacked by destructive energy and disintegrate."
"Thus, you believe those methods are not valuable for
achieving enlightenment and bringing benefits to people. So
how do I recognize which knowledge is of true value to help
people achieve enlightenment, teacher?"
The teacher replied, "All of them have value; that is,
they help the souls and tuelinhs release the toxins inside.
However, it does not bring the value of enlightenment and
helping tuelinhs and souls achieve the unified Tao of the
universe.
Suppose you want to know what knowledge can help
people achieve true enlightenment. That knowledge must
reveal the origin, mission, and practice path of producing
sustainable energy particles. Therefore, any knowledge that

Regenerating and Rebalancing the Particle Structure in Soul/Tuelinh

does not bring people those values is not enlightened and
does not bring sustainable development value to the tuelinhs
and souls."
"Teacher, how can we know the origin and practice
mission of humans in the human world?"
The teacher said, "That is knowledge with a lot of
information. However, I can tell you briefly to help you
understand those things.
You need to know that all things in the universe,
tuelinhs, and people are all born from an embryo of
primordial energy of the universe. That is the origin of the
universe and humans. That origin shows that the existence
and development of all things are based on the mechanism of
producing and connecting energy particles and the
mechanism of rotating or circulating information of each
subject. The yin and yang energy embryo is formed by
transforming two wave-particles into the two smallest
positive and nega tive particles. Before the yin and yang
energy embryo was formed in infinite space, only one type of
energy existed: destructive energy with a brown energy state.
These brown energy particles were transformed from
ancestral wave-particles. However, annihilation energy
particles do not yet have a rotation and connection
mechanism, so they do not connect to form a physical
structure larger than the smallest energy particle. As for
wave-particles, they are born from singularities in space.
They are wave-particles rather than the smallest energy
particles because they have not yet encoded information and
have not yet released their internal energy state to the

outside. The annihilation particle is the energy particle that
the wave-particle has not entirely transformed.
After the destructive energy particles are formed and
grow in number, they interact and gather in dense density.
Because of this, explosions of annihilation energy appear in
the space of destructive energy because they are heated and
explode spontaneously. That process creates areas containing
positive and negative heat. Then, the wave-particles move
into those thermal spaces and transform into the smallest
energy particles with positive and negative electric waves.
The positive and negative energy particle s result from the
ancestral wave-particle's complete transformation and have
encoded a large amount of information inside. That causes yin
and yang energy particles to generate energy states after
being formed in addition to the mechanisms they possess.
Next, when the two most miraculous yin and yang
energy particles in the universe bond together to form yin and
yang energy embryos, they continuously carry out destructive
energy detonation reactions over a long period. That causes
the yin and yang embryo to produce countless energy
particles to develop into a giant energy sphere with countless
smallest particles carrying negative, positive, and neutral
electric waves. In particular, they are divided into three types
of energy particles: energy particles wi th super -complex
intellectual wave codes, energy particles with complex
intellectual wave codes, and energy particles with simple
intellectual wave codes. As the energy embryo of the universe
matures, it creates a supreme soul, the first tuelinh, God, and
Buddha after he practised and attained enlightenment in the
human world. He is created by connecting groups of energy

Regenerating and Rebalancing the Particle Structure in Soul/Tuelinh

particles with super -complex intellectual wave codes. After
spending an endless time living and operating a giant energy
planet that detonated destructive energy to absorb its heat for
the particle production process, that first tuelinh had matured
and had the best super intelligence in the universe.
After the giant energy sphere exploded, creating a
massive explosion, the first tuelinh built the universe's life.
That is to develop small baby tuelinhs from groups of energy
particles with super-complex intellectual wave codes, to form
planets from simpl e groups of energy, and to use complex
groups of energy to make adhesives for simple physical
structures into unified and large wholes such as rocks,
meteorites, and planets. He created the information
transceiver system for the entire universe, the wire
connection system to operate all the planets and the rotating
universe. In particular, he made the central planet to manage
life for the entire universe.
Do you know? The tuelinh inside you and all tuelinhs
are born and mature on the central planet, heaven, God's
country, and Buddha's country.
All tuelinhs are formed from the process of forming yin
and yang embryos and through the mechanism of producing
and connecting energy particles to form tuelinh structures
with many clusters of synthetic energy particles outside the
mature energy embryos. It takes a lot of time for tuelinhs to
be born and grow. However, they cannot detonate the energy
of destruction like the first tuelinh. As a result, many small
tuelinhs were disintegrated and destroyed by the energy of
destruction. Because of the significant difference and loss, the
first tuelinh built a practice environment on earth for the

tuelinhs to incarnate as practitioners. It is a practice journey
to understand ourselves and each other, everything in the
universe, and the energy of destruction. Understanding those
secrets will help the tuelinhs understand the toxins in their
harmful and good elements in their positive particles. From
there, they will find a mechanism to practice eliminating
toxins and maximizing good elements, which is a sustainable
path of transformation to help them become mature tuelinhs.
To accomplish that task, the y must live in the four forms of
Tao in the human world to experience all the scenarios of
interacting with sufferings and tribulations. When
experiencing and practising the production of sustainable
energy particles in the four forms of Tao, they graduall y
practice detonating the destructive energy particles when
this environment is built, including the interaction of
annihilation energy in the first tuelinh's safety control.
So, you understand that the practice environment in
the human world is to learn and practice particle production,
which is to detonate destructive energy particles to produce
sustainable energy particles and help the structure of the
tuelinh mature. The he at of detonated annihilation energy is
valuable in assisting the tuelinhs and all things in the universe
to produce sustainable energy particles. Only the first tuelinh
(God, Buddha) can do that in the universe. Therefore, he has
been transmitting knowledg e and methods to help the
tuelinhs and souls in the human world implement a
mechanism to produce sustainable energy particles when
they have understood the knowledge of enlightenment and
the knowledge of the smallest energy particles.

Regenerating and Rebalancing the Particle Structure in Soul/Tuelinh

Practicing in the human world means understanding
the truth of all things inside and outside the universe and
practicing producing sustainable energy particles to help the
tuelinhs mature and become immortal. At that time, the
tuelinhs has the power to con trol and detonate countless
destructive energies while still being safe. That is the purpose
and mission of the tuelinhs and souls practising in the human
world. Therefore, practising in the human world is not about
chanting, praying, meditating, and perfo rming rituals. The
practices you have gone through do not help you produce
sustainable energy particles. On the contrary, they cause you
to lose control because their toxins bind to the toxins in the
original negative energy particle of the soul within you . That
causes your soul to produce many harmful energy particles
from strong to super -strong electric waves in past and
present lives. As a result, the composite energy particle
structure in your soul has many energy particle clusters with
negative multiparticles. That is the cause of many spiritual
problems, such as being possessed by demons, seeing
demons, all kinds of mental illnesses, and many serious
diseases. The negative multiparticle clusters in the tuelinh
and soul will have a mechanism to copy and produce when
sufficient conditions are ensured for that mechanism to occur.
The toxic information of the harmful particles was
copied and bombarded into your brain and body, making you
think that you had supernatural powers and the ability to
communicate with Buddha, God, and spirits. In addition, it
causes you to show symptoms of different types of mental and
physical illnesses."

"Teacher, I am like a person drowning in the river of
ignorance who you rescued to enjoy the light of truth. From
your teachings, I feel the warmth in my soul and body.
Something that, for a long time, I have always felt cold inside
me. It's wonderful, tea cher; your words make me strongly
believe in you and the knowledge that you teach everyone.
That is like some invisible power that gives me that faith and
trust after being taught by the teacher for more than an hour."
The teacher replied, "That's because inside you is a soul
that has suffered many injuries from past and present lives. It
is the experience of suffering on the journey to carry out one's
mission in the human world. Therefore, when that soul
encounters the light of knowledge, origin, mission, and path
to liberate suffering truly, that soul is like children returning
home to the arms of a father's love. That father is the first
tuelinh, and all tuelinhs are born from the yin and yang energy
particles of the first tuelinh."
"Teacher, how can I quickly improve the energy particle
structure in my soul? There may be too many energy particle
clusters with negative multiparticles in my soul. Please show
me how I can improve myself soon."
The teacher took a pen and drew the structure of
synthetic energy particles outside the mature energy embryo
on the board.

Regenerating and Rebalancing the Particle Structure in Soul/Tuelinh

Then, the teacher said, "Look at the picture depicting
the structure of synthetic energy particles outside the mature
yin and yang energy embryo of the tuelinh or soul. It is a
structure with three negative energy multiparticle clusters.
This structure has particle clusters A, B, and C. Each
cluster is formed by encoded information content due to
interactions in the four forms of Tao in the human world.
Cluster A contains marital information, cluster B contains
business and production information, and cluster C contains
information on spreading knowledge. You must understand
that a group of information content has many clusters of
energy particles, just like a group of information content in a
husband-and-wife relationship has many different clusters of
particles. They are different because of the difference in
context and the level of interaction of each tuelinh in many
other lives. Therefore, in the soul and tuelinh there are many
different groups of clusters of energy particles, all of wh ich
form four groups of functional energy particles
corresponding to the four forms of Tao in the human world.
Do you know why there are clusters of energy particles
with multiple harmful particles? That is, there is only one
positive particle and many harmful particles in each cluster of
energy particles. That is:
- Positive energy particles in clusters A, B, and C are
people interacting and taking actions that benefit everyone in
the interactive content of the four forms of Tao. Therefore, the
yin-yang energy embryo produces one or more positive
energy particles th at contain information about that
interaction context. The positive energy particles created are
the smallest. They bond to form synthetic positive particles if

Regenerating and Rebalancing the Particle Structure in Soul/Tuelinh

the yin-yang embryo produces many of the smallest positive
energy particles. After they connect to form synthetic positive
particles, they will move outside the synthetic particle
structure to bond with positive energy particles with similar
content to that particle.
- Next, harmful particles with weak electric waves
produced in the same reaction that produces positive
particles will form synthetic harmful particles, and they move
outside the structure to rotate around positive particles with
the same information content.
- However, with a lot of pressure and maximum
compression, people are unaware of the truth and values that
need to be practised; they practice ignorant actions that harm
everyone, animals and everything. Therefore, harmful energy
particles are produced while positive energy particles are not
produced. At that time, the harmful synthetic particles will
move outside the synthetic particle structure and rotate
around the positive particles with the same or similar
information content. That's why many harmful p articles are
in a cluster of positive particles. That means the harmful
particles produced by interactions in a husband-and-wife
relationship cannot revolve around positive particles with
different contents. It only rotates around positive particles
with the same information content created from the husband-
and-wife relationship . Therefore, when people have many
acts of ignorance in any content of the four forms of Tao, they
will produce an excess of harmful energy particles and have
many clusters of harmful energy particles.
Restructuring and rebalancing the synthetic particle
structure is simple. Producing many positive energy particles

with the same content as the negative multiparticle cluster is
straightforward. When positive particles are abundant and
have the same information content as the clusters of negative
multiparticles, they will move out of those clusters and
recreate the structure, as shown in this illustration.

Regenerating and Rebalancing the Particle Structure in Soul/Tuelinh

In cluster A, after the tuelinh produces positive
particles with the same content as particle A, they move to
particle cluster A and restructure that particle cluster with
many particles to rebalance. The ratio of yin and yang
particles is 1:1. The same is true for particle clusters B and C.
The restructuring and rebalancing of negative
multiparticle clusters are similar to producing energy
particles to develop and expand the particle structure of the
tuelinh. That is to help the tuelinhs mature and have the
power to detonate the energy of destruction.
Thus, to balance and restructure the negative
multiparticle cluster with content in the husband -wife
relationship, in production and business, and in spreading
knowledge to everyone, you must produce positive energy
particles with the same information contents as those particle
clusters. That is, you must have the ideology and practice to
bring the values of happiness and fidelity to your wife to
balance particle cluster A. It would help if you practised
producing positive particles related to production an d
business to bring the best values to consumers and customers
through production and business to balance cluster B. Finally,
you must practice producing many positive particles in
spreading the proper knowledge about the path of practice in
the human world to everyone to balance cluster C particles.
You cannot know what harmful particles you have
produced in your past lives and what clusters of information
content you have negative multiparticles in, so you can
practice making the correct type of positive energy particles.
However, knowing the two truths with the smallest energy
particle will help you have a magical method to produce

energy particles for all groups of energy particles that assist
the tuelinh in maturing and achieving an energy filter. After
understanding the truth of all things in and out of the universe
and understanding the mechanism of sustainable energy
particle pr oduction, you can practice spreading this special
enlightened knowledge to everyone to work together on
producing sustainable energy particles through the four
forms of the Tao. Applying knowledge is the most magical
mechanism for generating energy particl es because the
information is energy particles and everything. If we spread
information that has value for sustainable development, it
will help all things in the universe develop sustainably, and
then the value of the particles produced is precious. On th e
contrary, if information that destroys sustainable
development is spread, the energy particles produced contain
many toxins.
Please take the time to study and research the
knowledge of the two truths carefully before deciding
whether to spread the practice or not. Observe and verify the
values that knowledge brings to people to make the best
decisions in learning and practising.
Remember, I have never called or lured anyone to
follow me to learn and spread the knowledge of the two truths
and the knowledge of energy particles. Because people
understand and see the value that knowledge brings to them
and everyone else, they voluntar ily study and spread
knowledge to everyone."
"Teacher, meeting you and your knowledge is the
luckiest thing in my life. Even though I have not studied or
read about your knowledge, I have understood and had a

Regenerating and Rebalancing the Particle Structure in Soul/Tuelinh

magical transformation in my soul when listening to your
lectures. It's like a miracle. Right now, my body is warm, and
my mind feels peaceful. That is opposite from the time I
walked in to see the teacher; at that time, I was highly
uncomfortable in my body; I had a heavy head, headaches, and
body aches.
Teacher, I hope you will allow me to come to your
classroom to listen to your lectures and learn your
knowledge. Please let me become your student.
The teacher said, "You can come to my classes to learn.
I have no reason to refuse you. Please try to learn and
understand how to practice the mechanism of sustainable
energy particle production. However, please stop all the
methods you are practising. Tak e advantage of your human
life to learn and practice the knowledge of the two truths
because that is knowledge, the most wonderful mind dharma
in the universe. In particular, it is the only path to help the
tuelinhs attain the unifying Tao of the universe, the path of
complete enlightenment, and an energy filter."