Chapter Sixty-Eight

The Law of Cause and Effect of All Life
Forms Inside and Outside the Universe

It's boiling outside, which is the typical heat of Hanoi's
weather in the summer. Summer is something that most
people here do not like because it is too hot; there are even
nights when the temperature is still above 30 degrees Celsius.
In the air of such intense heat, delicious cups of iced coffee are
an excellent drink for many people. The Teacher still enjoys a
cup of hot tea in the morning and relaxing in his office. The
door suddenly opened, and Truong, Duong Nalanda, and the
students entered. They held delicious cups of iced coffee and
bags of fruit.
Duong Nalanda told the Teacher, "Teacher, try drinking
this coffee and see how it goes. This type is very fragrant and
delicious. Maybe in hot weather like this, you won't have a
runny nose when drinking coffee. Also, please eat some cake
before drinking, and you'll be fine."
The Teacher said, "I have tried drinking coffee many
times, but every time, I have an allergic reaction with a runny
nose even if I eat something before drinking it. Okay, let's try

it this time and see how it goes. Coffee is a drink that helps the
brain stay alert to work; it is the same as tea. I'm used to
drinking tea even in the morning without eating anything
without having any allergies. On the contrary, many people
cannot drink tea. Instead, they drink a lot of strong coffee in
the morning without getting allergic even if they haven't
eaten anything before.”
Afterwards, the Teacher and everyone enjoyed a
delicious cup of iced coffee. However, he continuously
sneezed and had a runny nose after drinking it. It is an allergic
phenomenon every time the Teacher drinks coffee. So, the
allergy still occurred this tim e even though the Teacher ate
some food before swallowing. However, the deliciousness of
a cup of coffee always makes it a drink for all people before
they start a new day's work.
After a while, the Teacher's allergies ended. At that
time, the Teacher laughed and said, "That is the cause and
effect of intentionally drinking a drink that I know will cause
an allergic reaction when I drink it."
A student immediately laughed and said, "Drinking
coffee is also cause and effect, teacher?"
The Teacher replied, "That was just a joke. Drinking
coffee and having allergies are not cause and effect. Cause and
effect have clear natures and operating mechanisms, but
cannot be said and inferred emotionally."
Truong Nalanda said, "Teacher, many people believe
that the law of cause and effect belongs to Buddhism and
Hinduism. Many people in other religions deny the existence
of the law of cause and effect. They believe that God has

The Law of Cause and Effect of All Life Forms Inside and Outside the Universe

arranged and resolved everything, so Christians do not have
any law of cause and effect that operates them."
The Teacher said, "It is a sad thing for people when they
differentiate this religion from other religions. They are
ignorant when thinking that the law of cause and effect
belongs to some religion and that people are not subject to the
law of cause and effect. That is human ignorance, which is not
understanding the truth about the origin and practice mission
of humans in the human world and not understanding the
truth of oneself and others, all things, and destructive energy.
However, that is also the scenario of the practice environment
to help people release all the toxins inside, then activate the
good elements when they experience all the suffering and
calamities of humanity.
You must know that the law of cause and effect is
another name for the mechanism and transformation journey
of life forms in and outside the universe. When called the law
of cause and effect, it emphasises the consequences of each
practical mechanism that produces energy particles of life
forms in and outside the universe. Because people believe
that cause and effect is punishment for evil actions in the past,
people are allergic and afraid when it comes to the law of
cause and effect. Even if people do not believe, the law of
cause and effect still exists in all forms of life in and outside
the universe. The reason is that, in all life forms in and outside
the universe, there are always transmutation mechanisms:
transformation towards decay and destruction and
transformation towards sustainability. It would help if you
remembered that the transformation mechanism is the law of
cause and effect. These terms are similar but different in

called terms, emphasising the consequences of actions for
each transmutation mechanism.”
A student immediately said, "Teacher, when people
understand the knowledge of the two truths and the smallest
particle of energy, they all believe in the law of cause and
effect. When people understand that the law of cause and
effect is the transformation mechanism of all life forms in and
outside the universe, they understand that it is an obvious
truth that cannot be discussed or said that the law of cause
and effect is some religion. It's wonderful, Teacher; only
knowledge of the two truths and the smal lest particle of
energy can help humans understand the truth of all things in
and out of the universe. When I had not yet learned your
knowledge, I also felt scared when I heard the phrase "law of
cause and effect". However, after learning the knowledge of
the two truths and the smallest energy particle, when it comes
to the law of cause and effect, I find it very gentle, and there is
nothing to fear. As I understand it, cause and effect results
from producing energy particles. It is nothing mysterious, and
nothing is God's punishment for humans. Like you said, it's all
a practical mechanism to produce energy particles."
The Teacher asked his students, "Do you want to
explore the mechanism of transmutation from the law of
cause and effect perspective? It is to view and explore the
transformation of all life forms in and out of the universe in a
way that emphasizes the value of each reaction that produces
energy particles."
The students said together, "Yes, Teacher. We are eager
to listen because each of your lectures is like a miracle that

The Law of Cause and Effect of All Life Forms Inside and Outside the Universe

helps us increase the power of truth information and mind
dharma in our tuelinhs."
The Teacher continued, "When helping you discover
and understand the law of cause and effect of all life forms in
and outside the universe, I will separate the law of cause and
effect of the tuelinhs and souls when they participate in
reincarnation in the human world. That helps you understand
more about the contributions of Nalas Nalanda and his five
messengers in operating the life of the practice environment
in the human world and the entire life of wisdom and soul in
the universe."
After a few minutes of enjoying the tea, the Teacher
began the lecture, "Before I let you transform into the smallest
energy particles to discover the cause and effect law of life
forms from ancestral wave-particles to all living beings life
forms in and out of the universe, I will help you understand
the nature of some essential issues. That is:
- What is the law of nature? - It is the dialectical
relationship between the nature and manifestation of all
things, events, phenomena in and outside the universe, the
tuelinhs and humans.
- What is the law of cause and effect? – It is the
dialectical relationship between the nature and manifestation
of the information reaction process between the internal and
external environments of all life forms in and outside the
universe.
- What is the nature of the law of cause and effect? – It
is the transmutation mechanism of all things in and out of the
universe. It includes a transformation mechanism towards

decay and destruction and a transmutation mechanism
towards sustainability.
You must remember that the mechanism of producing
and connecting energy particles is the mechanism that
operates the law of cause and effect for all life forms in the
universe. However, the life forms of destructive energy
particles and ancestral wave-particles outside the universe do
not have a production and connection mechanism.
And now, please close your eyes and let me help you
discover the law of cause and effect of all life forms in and out
of the universe. Let's get started:
You are the smallest energy particles and are ready
from my instructions to return to the past in the universe's
space. Move with me; I will always be a shiny yellow energy
particle guiding your way. Do you know? We are on a journey
through time to the past, which means we are moving at the
speed of thought.
We have arrived at the time and space we need, which
is endless and empty. Only a few ancestral wave-particles
have been born in this infinite space . They move in spiral
orbits, and their movement causes them to generate internal
heat. The moving process helped the ancestral wave-particles
melt and encode information from the outside environment
to transform into destructive energy particles in a heatless
environment. The destructive energy particle results from an
incomplete transformation process and encodes a simple and
small amount of information from the ancestral wave-
particle. That causes destructive particles after being born
without a rotation mechanism or a production and
connection mechanism. Therefore, they cannot link to form

The Law of Cause and Effect of All Life Forms Inside and Outside the Universe

physical structures that are more significant than the smallest
energy particle. Besides, when ancestral wave-particles move
into an environment with positive or negative heat, they
radically change and transform into the smallest energy
particles with positive and negative electric waves. The
smallest energy particle with an electric wave results from the
wave-particle being melted and thoroughly transformed. This
process allows them to encode much information from the
outside environment into the intellectual wave code. So, what
is the cause -and-effect law of the ancestral wave-particle? It
is the reaction process of encoding information and different
transformations of wave-particles in different environments.
The results of those other processes created different types of
energy particles. It can be understood that the information
value of destructive energy particles, energy particles with
positive and negative electric waves, is t he result of the
information reaction chain of wave-particles.
Please observe the life form of the energy of
destruction. They have become a life form with countless
smallest energy particles, and they exist independently
without connection to each other. They live without a
mechanism of production and connection and a mechanism of
rotation. The reason is that they result from the incomplete
transformation of the ancestral wave-particles. Because it is
not completely transformed, the destructive particle still has
an energy state that has not been released. That makes them
easily detonated when moving in high density. However,
when they stop moving, their excess heat generation is
stopped, and there is no longer a risk of detonation. Thus, here
we see that the cause and effect of the destructive energy

particle life form is to be detonated and destroyed when they
move in dense density. On the contrary, they will not be fired
when moving slowly and ensure a safe distance from other
particles during movement. Next, look at the areas where the
destructive e nergy particles were detonated; the ancestral
wave-particles were transformed into positive and negative
energy particles after they moved into the area of positive and
negative heat after the explosion of destructive energy
particles. That shows the value of the results of explosions of
destructive energy, which is the formation of new life as
energy particles with positive and negative electric waves.
Look, the destructive energy particles are constantly
attacking the yin and yang energy embryo of the uni verse.
Those attacks were all detonated by that yin and yang energy
embryo. The heat from the explosions of destructive energy is
absorbed by the yin and yang energy embryo and
continuously produces countless energy particles. That
causes that energy embry o to become a giant energy sphere
with a mature tuelinh within. Thus, you see that the result of
the action of attacking destructive particles causes them to
have an outcome of being detonated and destroyed. However,
please observe that in areas with negat ive heat formed after
explosions of destructive energy in their living space, the
destructive energy particles have been cooled again after
moving into that environment. In addition, it will be revived
and cooled again after discharging excess heat into ha rmful
energy particles. As a result, negative energy particles are
assimilated into destructive particles. That shows that cold
heat has saved the destructive energy particles from
detonating due to excess heat caused by moving and

The Law of Cause and Effect of All Life Forms Inside and Outside the Universe

gathering at high density. Thus, you have understood the law
of cause and effect of the destructive particle life forms. They
will be detonated and destroyed when moving into an
environment with positive heat or gathering in high density.
On the contrary, they will be saved and safe when moving into
an environment with cold heat. When detonated, they create
incredibly excellent values to create life for other life forms.
That shows that each information reaction in different
environments ha s made different values and results of
destructive energy life forms. Its result can be to create the
destruction of another life form or create sustainable
development value for another life form while it is destroyed.
Let's continue to observe the yin and yang energy
particles formed from wave-particles in the habitat of
destructive energy. They result from the transformation
process from ancestral wave-particles when they have
radically transformed and encoded valuable information
from the external environment. These energy particles with
positive and negative electric waves have diverse information
values and have more developed characteristics than the
information value of destructive energy particle life forms.
Thanks to that excellent information value, they have
rotation, production and connection mechanisms. It creates
new results in their transformation journey, also known as
their cause-and-effect journey. However, that is their future.
And now, look at them: the positive energy particles are
detonated, and the energy of destruction assimilates the
negative energy particles. It results from destruction when
existing and reacting in an environment with destructive
energy particles.

Do you see anything? Yin and yang energy embryos are
formed by connecting the smallest yin and yang energy
particles. Although those yin and yang energy embryos were
detonated and assimilated by destructive energy later, they
created a new value by the cha in of information reactions
between yin and yang particles to form a linking mechanism
between them. It shows that the result of the connection
between yin and yang particles is the formation of an energy
embryo with more excellent information value and ca rrying
the characteristics of life development for new life forms.
Look, that energy embryo is the magical yin and yang
energy embryo that created the universe and the first tuelinh.
That yin -yang embryo is formed from a positive energy
particle with super -strong electric waves and a negative
energy particle with weak electric waves. They are all energy
particles transformed from wave-particles. It results from the
information reaction process in an environment with
negative and positive heat of two wave-particles. Linking two
positive and negative energy particles togethe r to form a yin
and yang energy embryo with large and massive information
value results from a new information reaction, connecting
and circulating information between them. It results from the
information reaction process of positive and negative
particles. Do you see anything? That yin and yang energy
embryo is not detonated or assimilated by the destructive
energy. On the contrary, that yin and yang energy embryo has
the miraculous ability to blast destructive energy. It then
absorbs the heat from those explosions to produce many
other positive and negative energy particles. This process
takes a long time and causes the yin and yang energy embryo

The Law of Cause and Effect of All Life Forms Inside and Outside the Universe

to grow into a giant energy sphere. Inside the sphere of
energy is a mature tuelinh, and around him are countless
smallest energy particles. This development process caused
numerous destructive energy particles to be detonated by the
magical power of the o riginal yin-yang embryo and the first
tuelinh inside that giant energy sphere. Finally, a massive
explosion happened when the first tuelinh majestically stood
in the centre of the energy space. Thus, the development
journey of that miraculous energy embryo until the Big Bang
occurs shows that a cause and effect journey is continuously
taking place, which is the journey of absorbing the destructive
energy of the original negative energy particle and negative
particle system, followed by the journey of detonating the
destructive energy particles of the initial positive particle and
positive particle system in the energy sphere. This cause-and-
effect process repeats over and over for a long time to create
countless energy particles with negative, positive, and neutral
electrical waves. A cause -and-effect journey brings
sustainable development value to the smallest energy
particles with electric waves. For that development journey
to achieve such sustainability, countless particles of
destructive energy are deton ated and become a precious
source of heat for the energy sphere and the first tuelinh.
Do you see that adult tuelinh after the explosion? He is
the tuelinh born from the universe's yin and yang energy
embryo. It can be understood that he is the essence and the
most superior intelligence of the universe when he has the
supernatural power of t he yin and yang embryo to operate
destructive energy detonation reactions for a long time to
create countless energy particles in the energy sphere. In

particular, that process helped him be born from a yin and
yang embryo and continuously mature to become an adult
tuelinh with extraordinary power to detonate countless
destructive energy particles. There has never been any
tuelinh or any physical structure capable of blasting energy of
annihilation like him. That shows that his cause -and-effect
journey is to create information reactions by harmful
particles to absorb destructive particles that attack him. Then,
he operates his positive energy to detonate them. As a result,
he can blast annihilation energy in vast quantities to help him
grow and create countless smallest energy particles with
different electrical waves.
Amazingly, the first tuelinh built the planets and
formed countless galaxies surrounding the central planet. The
first tuelinh linked groups of energy embryos with similar
information and simple intellectual wave codes to form
simple large -scale physical s tructures such as atoms,
molecules, metal blocks, soil, rocks, meteorites, and planets.
That is the shape of the universe because of his wisdom and
dedication. The created solar systems can detonate
destructive energy to promote the development of life for ms
in the universe. However, countless physical structures have
multiple negative energies disintegrating by annihilation
energy. That shows the cause -and-effect law of simple
physical structures, such as decomposing and destroying
planets by destructive e nergy and their ability to detonate
annihilation energy. Development and destruction are two
types of values, two results of different information reaction
chains of simple material structures in the universe.

The Law of Cause and Effect of All Life Forms Inside and Outside the Universe

Look at the complex energy wiring system. The first
tuelinh created it to form the material that binds simple
physical structures into solidly connected structures, such as
planets and solar systems, and all planets in the universe are
linked to the centra l planet. Thanks to this complex energy,
the universe operates in a circular orbit. It can detonate
destructive energy to promote all life forms' production and
connection mechanisms in the universe. However, many
complex energies are dissolved by the ener gy of destruction.
Additionally, they are consumed in their mission for the
sustainable development of all life forms in the universe.
Thus, the complex energy group's causal journey is consumed
by uniting all life forms in the universe. In addition, they are
also disintegrated by destructive energy.
Those are the baby tuelinhs; the souls inside you are the
same. All were born from the implantation of energy embryos
with super-complex intellectual wave codes into magical rock
crystals in the cave at the centr al planet by the first tuelinh.
He cared for them to be born and then raised them to
maturity. However, they cannot detonate destructive energy.
Therefore, he repeatedly took them to practice bursting
annihilation energy without success. That forced him to
create a practice environment on earth for the tuelinhs and
souls to reside in human form to find a practical mechanism
to detonate destructive particles safely. That is to find a
mechanism to produce sustainable energy particles for the
tuelinh life form to mature and become immortal like the first
tuelinh. Thus, the cause and effect law of the tuelinhs shows
that they can be decomposed and destroyed by the energy of
destruction because they cannot detonate. On the contrary,

through the first tunnelling, we can see that he has a cause -
and-effect mechanism that explodes countless destructive
energies to produce numerous energies to create life in the
universe.
And now, please open your eyes and return to reality.
Thus, you have discovered the journey and cause and
effect laws of all life forms in and outside the universe. That
is, from the wave-particle life form to the smallest energy
particle with electric waves, the tuelinhs and the entire
universe. It shows you the dialectical relationship between
nature and expression in the information reactions of life
forms with the external environment to create new values.
The new value could be the transformation into new life
forms, such as the life forms of ancestral wave-particles. The
new value can be destroyed to create sustainable
development value for other life forms, such as the life form
of destructive energy. The new value can be sustainable
development through a sustainable transformation
mechanism due to the ability to d etonate the destructive
energy of material structures in the universe, most typically
the first tuelinh."
A student immediately said, "Teacher, through the
approach of the law of cause and effect to see the value
created by the information reactions of all life forms despite
its nature as a transformation mechanism, I can gain a more
thorough and comprehensive understanding of the truth of all
things in and out of the universe. It's amazing, Teacher. By
combining different approaches to understanding the nature
and secrets of information within the smallest energy
particles of all life forms in and out of the universe, the learner

The Law of Cause and Effect of All Life Forms Inside and Outside the Universe

will achieve a type of special enlightened wisdom. I realized
that, in my mind, I had achieved a state of utmost peace and
extreme freedom. It feels like I exist in all things, and all things
exist in me."
The Teacher interrupted, "Hey you, do you know what
that is? That is the mind dharma. The mind dharma is the
wisdom that resides in all things inside and outside the
universe, and their wisdom exists in the wisdom of the soul.
Two is one; one is two. That is a state of radical understanding
of oneself and others, all things in the universe, and the energy
of destruction. That is the wisdom of complete enlightenment.
Please use it in this human life to practice producing countless
sustainable energy particle s. Don't miss this once -in-a-
lifetime opportunity. That is, don't stay from me in this life.
Please accompany me on the journey to spread the knowledge
of the two truths until the end of human life. At that time, I will
transform your yin and yang energy into an energy filter."
The students immediately replied, "We have already
vowed to follow you. That's why we don't care about the
pleasures of getting rich or enjoying life. Following you to
spread knowledge with you is our mission."