Chapter Sixty-Nine

The Law of Cause and Effect of the
Tuelinhs and Souls When Participating in
Cultivation in the Human World

The teacher smiled after seeing his most enthusiastic
students say they would follow him in this human life to help
him spread knowledge to the world.
After that, the teacher said, "Please relax; I will continue
to teach you about the law of cause and effect of the tuelinhs
and souls participating in the practice process in the human
world. That is an exceptional type of knowledge because it is
the crystallisation of the transformation mechanism with the
system of operating the cause and effect tree that the first
tuelinh created to support and help all tuelinhs and souls in
the journey of practice in the human world. Because you have
learned about the me chanism of transformation and the
system of operating the cause and effect tree for the tuelinhs
and souls in the human world, you will have a deeper insight
into the law of cause and effect of humans. In particular, you
will see the transcendent wisdom an d dedication of the first
tuelinh and his five messengers."

After letting the students rest and relax, the teacher
lectured, "Do you know? Before the conference to gather
humanity on Earth and before bringing the tuelinhs to
incarnate as humans, the first tuelinh thought a lot. He
thought he would find the most eff ective method to help
people practising in the human world quickly understand
themselves and everyone else, all things, and the energy of
destruction. When humans were formed in the human world,
they were incarnations of the tuelinhs from the central planet.
Outside are people of different ages, genders, jobs and
personalities. However, inside, they are all little tuelinhs with
secrets hidden in their yin and yang energy embryos. In
addition, after humans tame animals, their souls will be
transformed into tuelinhs, and they will also become humans
to practice with the tuelinhs from the central planet. That will
create a large amount of information that needs to be
processed in their lives on Earth.
The first tuelinh focused on how to help them quickly
understand themselves and other tuelinhs, understand all
things in the universe, and understand the energy of
destruction. He had to analyse these things for a long time,
and he came to understand:
- To understand yourself, you must understand others;
to understand others, you must understand yourself. These
two things are closely tied together and cannot be separated.
That is:
+ To understand the good values within yourself, you
must appreciate the good values of others. The good values of
other people will be used as a reference to see if you have
those good values and what the level of those good values in

The Law of Cause and Effect of the Tuelinhs and Souls When Participating in
Cultivation in the Human World

yourself is compared to others. To understand the toxic
values within yourself, you must understand the poisonous
values of others. Other people's harmful values people will be
used as a reference to see if you have those destructive values
and what your level is compared to everyone else.
+ On the contrary, to understand the good values within
everyone, you must appreciate the good values within
yourself. Take those values as a reference and compare the
level of everyone's goodness with your goodness. To
understand the toxic values within everyone, you must realise
the harmful values within yourself. Take those values as a
reference and compare everyone's toxicity level with your
toxicity.
- To understand all things, you must understand
yourself and others first. Through the experiences of
understanding yourself and others, you can understand the
nature of negative, positive, and neutral energy particles. So it
would have to be:
+ If people practice kindness towards everyone,
animals and all things, they will receive good values in life.
Those good values will help them understand themselves and
their achievements. That will help them understand the inner
values of positive action s and positive results as positive
energy particles.
+ On the contrary, if people practice toxic values that
hurt people, animals and all things, they will have to accept
poisonous values in life. Those harmful values will help them
understand themselves and the consequences of their actions.

That will help them understand the inner values of negative
actions and outcomes: toxic energy particles.
- Understanding all things is understanding the nature
and value of energy particles carrying positive, negative, and
neutral electrical waves. These energy particles result from
the information reaction process with each person's external
environment. Even though humans don't understand, it helps
the first tuelinh to understand, and then he will spread that
knowledge in the human world to help them know the secrets
they are searching for through practice in the human world.
- Understanding yourself, understanding everyone, and
everything must be closely tied together without separation.
All three elements are the essence and always exist in every
information reaction of all things in and out of the universe.
Therefore, for hu mans, there is no exception. That will help
the tuelinhs and souls understand themselves and each other
through the values of actions and results in each information
reaction to each other. In addition, it helps them thoroughly
understand their transformat ion mechanism through the
results they have created. Through the results of actions, we
know the nature and values hidden within each tuelinh and
soul.
- Of course, it is a massive challenge for the tuelinhs to
understand themselves and other tuelinhs. Therefore, the
first tuelinh will have to incarnate as a human to help them
understand themselves, others, all things in the universe, and
the energy of destruction. His duty and mission are to survive
and develop all life forms in and outside the universe.
You know, his thoughts and analyses are based on the
transformation mechanism. The main emphasis is through

The Law of Cause and Effect of the Tuelinhs and Souls When Participating in
Cultivation in the Human World

the results of all the information reactions of each tuelinh and
soul in the human world to understand the nature and values
hidden within them and all things. That is the law of cause and
effect that each tuelinh and soul participating in human
incarnation must follow their arrangement and practice plan
in each human life that the first tuelinh will create later.
After those analyses, he realized that his creation of the
law of cause and effect for tuelinhs and souls participating in
practice in the human world would help them quickly
understand their nature, each other, and all things and the
energy of destruction.
After that, he continued to think about the level of cause
and effect that each person will have to experience and
receive in each life. The process of thinking and analyzing
helped him understand that:
- Each human information reaction will help the tuelinh
and soul inside produce the smallest energy particles.
However, the value of the particle will be different because of
the difference in information reactions.
- Receiving and experiencing in an environment with
values corresponding to the results created will help tuelinhs
and souls quickly understand the exact nature of themselves,
everyone and everything. If people produce harmful blood -
red energy particles, they will have to live in an environment
damaged by the toxic values of the blood-red harmful energy
particles they cause. On the contrary, if people produce fire -
red positive energy particles, they will live in an environment
with positive values like fire-red positive energy particles.

- The level and intensity of experiences in the law of
cause and effect of the tuelinhs and souls in the human world
will have to be calculated and arranged so that each person's
chain of cause and effect information must be closely linked
together in the human world. The chain of cause and effect
information is the milestones and scenarios to create human
information reactions in the human world, such as the place
and time of human incarnation, living environment, time
when events will occur, significant interactions in life such as
marriage, illness, death, and many other milestones. All those
milestones must be based on the results created in past lives,
and those informational values will have been stored in the
energy particles of each tuelinh and soul. Of course, there
must be arrangements from the first tuelinh.
Thus, he has finished deciphering the construction of a
practice plan for the tuelinhs and souls in the human world to
help them quickly understand the nature of themselves,
others, all things and the energy of destruction. However, he
saw that the workloa d of operating cause and effect for the
tuelinhs and souls in the human world was huge, while he had
to handle a lot of work for the protection and development of
all life in and out of the universe. Thus, another challenge
appeared for him. That made him continue to think about
finding the most effective solution.
After analysing and calculating, he realised he had an
information transceiver system. Therefore, why not use that
system to operate the law of cause and effect of the tuelinhs
and souls in the human world? However, that system only
does one task: receivin g and transmitting information. It

The Law of Cause and Effect of the Tuelinhs and Souls When Participating in
Cultivation in the Human World

cannot store and process data for the tuelinhs and souls
participating in the practice process in the human world.
Then he saw that he had a pyramid made of unique
gems, which was used as an information processing centre
and operated all life forms in the universe. Therefore, he
realised that he would have to create a center to store and
process information for all tue linhs and souls in the human
world. That centre will keep the energy particles each tuelinh
and soul produces in the human world. It will analyse and
provide further interaction scenarios for tuelinhs and souls in
their journey of human incarnation.
Thus, he found solutions to the challenges of helping
the tuelinhs and souls practice in the human world to achieve
enlightenment.
After that, he created a space to operate the law of cause
and effect for all tuelinhs and souls participating in practice in
the human world. He made that space next to the space
containing the pyramid that operates the universe's life. In
that space, he made an area to store energy particles
produced from all tuelinhs and people in the human world,
including both positive and negative energy. Those energy
particles are the data for him to build a cause and effect tree
for each tuelinh and soul in the human world, and to take the
energy particles produced by the tuelinhs and souls in the
human world, the information transceiver system will be
responsible for providing signals and thrust so that those
energy particles can be transferred to the stored centre.
Besides, he created a model that operates in that space, the
model on which his five messengers later worked and
managed. Please imagine that workspace as follows: it is a

closed and strictly protected space. In the middle is a giant
pyramid 20 times taller than an adult. A large plane is at the
top of the pyramid; five messengers work there. Surrounding
the working pyramid of the five messengers are the systems
that operate the practice environment on Earth. All energy
particles produced by all tuelinhs and souls in the human
world are stored in the space surrounding the pyramid. The
system operating the law of cause and effect will interact and
react with all energy particl es stored in it to calculate and
build spiritual practice plans for all tuelinhs and souls in the
human world. Of course, when the first tuelinh and the five
messengers incarnate as humans, the practice plan must also
be processed in the system to form a link with the law of cause
and effect of other people in the human world. However, his
human incarnation will depend on his choice of time, country,
family, parents, and significant milestones; The system will
have to handle the rest.
After he finished building a system to operate a practice
environment for the tuelinhs and souls in the human world,
he organised a conference to gather humanity and bring the
tuelinhs to incarnate as humans to practice. After several
lifetimes of practice , he let his five messengers operate that
system for him after they had achieved initial achievements
on their practice journey in the human world. In addition, the
five messengers must participate in managing the transiting
planet to help the tuelinhs and souls quickly reincarnate into
new lives when they are transferred there. The system that
operates the cause -and-effect tree of all tuelinhs and souls
practising in the human world is responsible for strictly
managing all tuelinhs and souls whether they are in transit on

The Law of Cause and Effect of the Tuelinhs and Souls When Participating in
Cultivation in the Human World

the transiting planet, whether they are still stranded on Earth,
and though they rest on the central planet."
After seeing the Teacher drinking water and stopping
the lecture, the students immediately said to the Teacher,
"Teacher, this is the first time I have heard you lecture about
the operating system of the cause and effect tree and what the
first tuelinh did to operate the entire practice journey of the
tuelinhs and souls in the human world. That is an extremely
valuable lecture, and it helps us better understand the law of
cause and effect. In the past, what we and everyone else
simply understood about cause and effect was that whatever
seed we sow will result in that result, or if we create any
action, we will receive the corresponding result. However,
after being taught by the Teacher about the system of
operating the cause and effect tree, the thoughts, the analysis,
and then what the first tuelinh did, this gave us a deeper
understanding of his love and concern for reaching out to all
tuelinhs and souls in the human world."
After that, the Teacher continued the lecture, "Do you
know how cause and effect are produced? Where do they go
after they are born? Please try to remember what I say about
these issues below:
Causal particles are the smallest energy particles with
negative, positive, and neutral electrical waves. It includes
ivory-white positive energy particles with weak electric
waves, green positive energy particles with strong electric
waves, fire -red posit ive energy particles with very strong
electric waves, yellow positive energy particles with super -
strong electric waves, grey -white negative energy particles
have weak electric waves, grey negative energy particles have

strong electric waves, black negative energy particles have
very strong electric waves and blood -red negative energy
particles have super -strong electric waves. These energy
particles have an extremely complex intellectual wave code
because they encode man y highly complex information
values. Those information values result from information
reaction processes in the human practice environment with
the participation of all types of energy particles and even
destructive energy. The intellectual nature of these causal
energy particles is the intelligent nature of every kind of
energy particle I have taught in the lectures on the wisdom
nature of the tuelinhs and humans. It is similar in the
intellectual nature of the energy particles that make up the
tuelinhs and souls, the causal energy particles produced from
them, and the energy particles that constitute the life forms in
the universe.
Harmful energy particles with electric waves from
strong to super -strong are produced when people practice
ignorant actions that harm people, animals, and everything.
Depending on the value and level of damage, the value of
harmful particles contains different levels of toxins.
On the contrary, positive energy particles with electric
waves from strong to super-strong are produced when people
practice enlightened actions that bring sustainable
development value to people, animals, and everything. In
addition, harmful energy partic les with weak electric waves
and neutral particles are also produced through each human
reaction that creates positive energy particles. That shows the
value of practising the mechanism of generating positive
energy particles. Through this production, the tuelinh

The Law of Cause and Effect of the Tuelinhs and Souls When Participating in
Cultivation in the Human World

structure becomes more mature and quickly achieves
achievements on the practice path in the human world.
The process of producing a particle of energy in the
tuelinh and the soul residing in the human body takes place in
the following stages:
- Phase of interaction with the surrounding
environment to decode initial information. That is the stage
where each person will interact, such as seeing, hearing, and
knowing about something, events, things, people and others.
That knowledge helps the soul absorb and retain a simple
amount of information about the surrounding environment.
This interaction process can happen very quickly or take
place over a long period. It depends on the reaction of data
from the yin and yang embryos in the tuelinhs or souls. When
a reaction occurs, the newly stored information with the yin
and yang embryo's original information will move to the next
stage.
- Information reaction stage in the yin and yang
embryo. This stage occurs after much information is absorbed
and an interactive reaction to the information in the yin and
yang embryo is formed. This information reaction creates a
subsequent process of decoding and encoding information.
- The stage of decoding and encoding information. This
stage takes place fiercely because of the information reaction
process inside and between inside and outside. The internal
information reaction is the struggle to control information
between the origin al negative and positive energy particles.
Internal information responses take place simultaneously
with information reactions to the external environment.

Because the built external environment consists of negative
and positive environments, all humans will fully inhabit all
environments for each interaction. Therefore, at this stage of
decoding and encoding information, the yin and yang embryo
will be domin ated by all positive information values and
damaging information from the external environment.
Decoding and encoding external information moves to the
stage of creating ideology.
- Stage of creating ideology. That results from decoding
and encoding information after a reactive journey to absorb
information from the external environment. Suppose the
original negative energy particle dominates the positive
energy particle in the yin and yang embryo. In that case, a
large amount of negative information from the outside
environment is encoded into the yin and yang embryo, and
the ideology created will be harmful. On the contrary, if the
original positive energy particle dominates the ne gative
particle in the yin and yang embryo, a large amount of positive
information from the external environment is encoded, and
the ideology created is positive. When people have an
ideology, they will transform it into action.
- Action phase. This stage depends on the ideology
created in the yin and yang embryo of the soul. If the ideology
is harmful, the soul will control the body to develop actions
that hurt people, animals, and everything. On the contrary, if
the ideology is positive, the soul will hold the body to create
actions that bring sustainable development values to people,
animals, and everything.
- The complete stage of the cause and effect particle
production. This stage is the end of the action or action

The Law of Cause and Effect of the Tuelinhs and Souls When Participating in
Cultivation in the Human World

sequence of the information reaction process in all human
interaction scenarios in the four forms of Tao. This phase will
produce the following results: positive energy particles with
electric waves from slightly strong to super strong will be
made after t he end of positive actions. On the contrary,
harmful energy particles with electric waves, from slightly
strong to super strong, will be produced after the end of
negative human actions. In addition, harmful energy particles
with weak electric waves and ne utral particles are also
produced at the end of positive actions.
The causal energy particles produced by the tuelinhs
and souls in human form in the human world store a valuable
amount of super complex information. It includes one's own
toxic or good information value, the toxic or good information
value of others, of all things, and especially the participation
of destr uctive energy. That means that the positive energy
particles produced store the good information values of
ourselves, everyone, everything and the heat of the detonated
destructive energy particles. Harmful energy particles with
electric waves, from slight ly strong to super strong, store
toxic information about ourselves, everyone and everything.
Thus, when practising the production of positive energy
particles, you have seen the ability to detonate destructive
energy particles of the tuelinhs and souls in the human world.
It is an excellent achievement in the journey of maturity and
transforming the yin and yang energy embryo into the energy
filter of the tuelinhs and souls.
The number of energy particles produced after each
human action -reaction depends on the amount of heat and
the value of information absorbed and transmitted. Heat

includes cold heat, positive heat, and the heat of detonated
destructive energy. Information value includes negative
information and positive information that is absorbed and
transmitted. That means that through various human
interactions, the tuelinh or s oul within can produce one too
many energy particles in the same reaction. Remember that
no positive energy particles will be created in the same
reaction when making harmful energy particles with electric
waves from slightly strong to super -strong. However, when
producing positive energy particles with electric waves from
slightly strong to super -strong, neutral energy particles and
harmful particles with weak electric waves are made in the
same reaction.
After the reaction process of producing energy
particles, an intelligence wave code is made from the original
wisdom wave code in the positive particle or the original
negative particle in the yin and yang embryo. That original
intellectual wave code fibre is stored in the original negative
or positive particle because it depends on the negative or
positive intellectual wave code fibre produced. Then,
depending on the amount of heat and information value
absorbed, that original intelligent wave code fibre i s copied
into several or many new intellectual wave code fibres with
the same value. Those intellectual wave code strands move
out to the yin or yang poles of the mature yin and yang
embryo to become the smallest energy particles. Next, those
smallest ener gy particles are constructed into one or more
composite particles to bond with the composite energy
particle structure outside the mature energy embryo.
Additionally, one or more of the smallest energy particles will

The Law of Cause and Effect of the Tuelinhs and Souls When Participating in
Cultivation in the Human World

be transmitted to the people, animals, and things they
interacted with during the particle -producing reaction. Of
course, a particle of energy is collected to store in the centre
of the cause and effect particles of the tuelinhs and souls in
the central pl anet. Thus, you can understand that after the
causal energy particles are produced, they are stored in three
places: in the tuelinh or soul (the intellectual wave code is
stored in the original yin and yang embryo, the particles
copied from the wisdom wave code fibre is composed of the
particle structure of the tuelinh); stored in the causal tree
operating space on the central planet; and the particles are
transmitted to all people, animals, and creatures participating
in the reaction process that produces particles.
Remember, the causal energy particles transmitted to
people, animals, and all other things are transformed into
informational value when moving into the yin and yang
embryo of the tuelinh or soul inside them. They no longer
exist in the smallest form of energy particles."
Seeing the Teacher continue to relax and enjoy tea after
a while of teaching everyone, a student immediately asked,
"Teacher, how do we know whether the production level of
causal energy particles is more or less in each interactive
reaction? Please teach us about that issue."
The Teacher said, "As I said, the level of energy particles
produced through human interactions depends on the
amount of heat absorbed and the value of information
captured and emitted. That means the quantity and
properties of the energy particles produce d rely on the heat
and information value in the reactions that produce the

energy particles. For your understanding, I will classify the
levels of causal energy particle production as follows:
- One energy particle is produced in a particle -
producing reaction. At this level, the impact value and
influence of the interaction reaction is a person, an animal, or
a thing. That means that the consequences or benefits that the
creator of the reaction brings to people, things, and animals
are single. For example, person A kills person B, and as a
result, person A produces a black negative energy particle
with very strong electric waves. On the contrary, the dead
person will produce a blood-red negative energy particle with
super strong electric waves. When a person kills an animal,
they produce a black negative energy particle. When a person
saves an animal, they will produce a green positive energy
particle. If one person saves another from death, they will
produce a green positive energy particle.
- Many energy particles are produced in a particle -
producing reaction. At this level, the impact value and
influence of the interaction reaction are many people, many
animals, or many things. That means that the consequences
or benefits that the creator of the reaction brings to people,
things, and animals are plural. For example, if a person cuts
down a forest, they produce many grey and black harmful
energy particles because the result is the destruction of many
trees and plants. Suppose a person causes war and causes the
deaths of many people, resulting in the person producing a lot
of harmful black energy particles with very strong electric
waves. A person spreading knowledge causes war, conflict,
and destruction, and they will have many harmful energy
particles during the same spreading practice. A person

The Law of Cause and Effect of the Tuelinhs and Souls When Participating in
Cultivation in the Human World

spreads false knowledge about the origin and practice
mission of humans. As a result, that person produces a lot of
blood-red negative energy particles with super strong electric
waves. A person saves many people in a fire, and as a result,
that person pro duces many green positive energy particles
with strong electric waves. A person who spreads knowledge
that has value for sustainable development will create a lot of
positive energy particles with strong electric waves. A person
who spreads the value of ac curate information about the
origin, practice mission and path to enlightenment produces
a lot of yellow positive energy particles with super strong
electric waves.
- Countless energy particles are produced in a particle-
producing reaction. To the extent of making countless energy
particles in a reaction, it can only be those who create
knowledge systems and spread them to humanity. It could be
someone who creates kno wledge to create a religion, a
philosophical system, or an intellectual ideology. Suppose
that knowledge about the origin, practice mission, and path to
enlightenment is untrue. In that case, the person who gave
birth to that knowledge will produce countle ss negative
energy particles with super strong electric waves after
spreading them. On the contrary, if that knowledge is the
truth about the origin, the practice mission and the true path
to enlightenment, the person who gave birth to that
knowledge will produce countless positive energy particles
with super strong electric waves after spreading them.
Suppose someone has transformed the yin and yang energy
embryo into an energy filter. In that case, they will produce

countless super -energy particles in the same reaction of
teaching their knowledge."
A student immediately said, "Teacher, so spreading and
teaching knowledge is the most magical method to produce
many energy particles in the same reaction. Especially those
who give birth to knowledge will produce countless particles
of cause and effect energy in a reaction of their teaching."
The Teacher said, "That's right. The expression of heat
and information value in the interaction reaction produces
human particles. However, we must distinguish the value of
knowledge to not misunderstand the production of negative
energy particles as the production of positive energy
particles. That is the situation countless people face when
propagating and teaching ignorant knowledge about the
origin, human mission, and methods of practising
enlightenment. Those people are teaching methods of
supplication, chanting, meditation, and rituals in the hope of
being liberated from suffering and being reborn in the
kingdom of God or Buddha after the end of human life. They
are producing a lot of negative energy particles but think they
are producing positive ene rgy particles and bringing
blessings to everyone and themselves."
Another student immediately asked the Teacher,
"Teacher, how do the cause and effect of the tuelinhs and
souls take place after they create the values of positive or
negative energy particles?"
The Teacher replied, "It is similar to the laws of
countries in the human world. It depends on the quantity and
quality of the consequences they cause. According to the laws
of many countries in the human world, when a person kills

The Law of Cause and Effect of the Tuelinhs and Souls When Participating in
Cultivation in the Human World

another person, they must be sentenced to death or life
imprisonment. If a person robs property, they must be
imprisoned. Regarding the law of cause and effect, if they
produce many negative energy particles and form a structure
of many negative energy par ticles in their tuelinhs, they will
become out of control and have mental illnesses when
incarnated as humans. Suppose the amount of negative
particles is insufficient to cause them to lose control. In that
case, they will live in suffering and calamities corresponding
to the values of the negative particles they have produced. The
duration and extent of a person's karma experience depends
on the quantity and quality of the energy particles they have
produced, and it also depends on the arrangement of the
system that operates the cause and effect tree from the five
messengers of Nalas Nalanda. Therefore, the cycle of particle
production and receiving results depends on those factors.
That is the nature of the practice environment in the human
world. As for the energy particle structure of the tuelinh and
soul, they always receive the results after each reaction that
produces energy particles. The result is that new energy
particles have been produced, which participate in creating
the structure of the tuelinh and soul. In addition, it
participates in the information circulation process of the
structure. Specifically, if a person produces negative energy
particles, those negative energy particles form the structure
of the tuelinh. As a result, the tuelinh is a negative
multiparticle, the information waves cannot circulate, and the
destructive energy catches the signal to attack and
disintegrate that tuelinh. On the contrary, a person produces
positive energy particles, which form the tuelinh structure to

help the circulation of information waves be effective, and the
detonation of destructive energy more effective."
Duong Nalanda said to the Teacher, "Teacher, please
tell us the rules that we must not violate so that we do not
practice and the rules that need to be followed to practice. So,
we have more information and knowledge for practising the
production of positive energy particles and not practising the
production of negative energy particles. Teacher, life is
complicated, and many reactions happen very quickly.
Therefore, many actions have occurred that we know are
actions that produce negative energy particles."
The Teacher said, "When you understand the
knowledge of the two truths and the knowledge of the
smallest energy particle, you can easily recognize which
actions produce harmful energy particles and which produce
positive energy particles. You must thorough ly understand
the knowledge of the two truths, the mechanism of
transformation, and the lectures on the unified Tao of the
universe. This knowledge helps people understand all
reactions that produce positive and negative particles.
Okay, I will fulfil your request. Therefore, please listen
carefully and remember what I will say next.
The rules in the law of cause and effect of humanity are
the regulations and laws that every practitioner in the human
world must follow to complete the transformation of the yin
and yang energy embryo of tuelinh into an energy filter. It
includes rules th at must not be violated and rules that must
be achieved.
Nalas Nalanda taught those rules associated with the
four forms of Tao to humans and animals at human

The Law of Cause and Effect of the Tuelinhs and Souls When Participating in
Cultivation in the Human World

gatherings. Then, he built a complete set of rules of cause and
effect for humanity based on two truths with the production
and connection mechanism of energy particles to apply the
classification of the tuelinhs and souls after the end of human
life. Those are the tuelinhs and souls that, when violating the
rules that are not allowed to be violated, will have to return to
the transit planet to be educated and rebalance their energy
state. That will help the tuelinhs and souls practising in the
human world have a moral model and a clear path to quickly
complete the conversion of their yin and yang energy
embryos into energy filters.
Having rules that must not be violated and rules that
must be achieved is a wonderful thing, a fair law for every
tuelinh and soul practising in the human world. It teaches and
motivates each person, each tuelinh and soul, to be
responsible and aware of th eir thoughts and actions on this
path of practice.
These rules are the crystallization of two truths
regarding energy particles' production and connection
mechanism. Therefore, it does not bias or oppress anyone. It
is a fair law for the practice environment in the human world
and a guide for people to qui ckly help the tuelinhs and souls
transform yin and yang energy embryos into energy filters.
1. Rules that are not allowed to be violated in the law of
cause and effect of humanity
The rules not allowed to be violated in the law of cause
and effect when people interact in the four forms of the Tao
will help each person decode and have the wisdom to
understand their suffering and toxins. Next, each person

practices controlling and eliminating that poison in all
interaction scenarios in the four forms of the Tao.
Understanding how to control and eliminate toxins will help
us understand ourselves and all people, animals, and the
tuelinhs in that interaction process.
Form of Tao of the family:
The Tao of family is the interactive relationship within
the family, clan, between husband and wife, children,
brothers, parents, ancestors, living people and the deceased.
That is:
- People are not allowed to be disrespectful to human
ancestors: defaming, cursing Heaven and Earth, insulting
those who have contributed to building and protecting the
Fatherland.
- Descendants are not allowed to be disrespectful to
their ancestors: cursing, destroying graves, destroying places
of worship and gratitude to ancestors.
- Children are not allowed to be unfilial or inhumane to
their parents: curse, trample, beat, neglect, or kill their
parents and caregivers.
- Husband and wife are not allowed to be unjust or
inhumane: adultery, beating, trampling on each other's
dignity, leaving each other, killing each other.
- Brothers are not allowed to be unjust or inhuman:
competing for benefits, beating, trampling, and killing each
other.
- Parents are not allowed to be unjust or inhumane to
their children: abandoning their children, killing their
children, trampling and beating their children, teaching their

The Law of Cause and Effect of the Tuelinhs and Souls When Participating in
Cultivation in the Human World

children to do evil and harming others, and not raising their
children to be good people.
- Do not abort the fetus.
- Do not live alone.
- Do not leave your father, mother, wife, husband, or
children to live a selfish life.
Form of Social Tao:
Social Tao is people's treatment of each other and
animals, making a living, productive labour, and interaction
with all things. Specifically:
- Do not kill: kill animals, practice killing.
- Do not destroy or exploit natural resources such as
mountains, forests, seas, rivers, and underground minerals.
- Do not commit adultery: when you are married and
living together under the protection of national law, you must
not betray your spouse and get matched to another or commit
adultery with another person; Do not rape, do not abuse other
people's emotions to satisfy your desires.
- Do not curse, trample on other people's dignity, or
beat others.
- Do not kill others or kill yourself.
- No human trafficking: children, women, enslaved
people.
- Do not engage in prostitution.
- Do not lie to the superiors to deceive the inferiors, and
do not fraudulently appropriate other people's property.
- Do not steal or rob.

- It is not allowed to produce and sell things that are
harmful to humans and animals, and it is not permitted to sell
or create things not allowed by national law.
- Don't be lazy to work.
- Employers are not allowed to exploit workers' labour,
are not allowed to curse, are not allowed to trample on
dignity, and are not allowed to beat and kill workers.
- Employees are not allowed to destroy the employer's
property or insult, harm, or kill the employer.
Form of Tao of teacher and student:
The Tao of teacher and student is the way of
transmitting knowledge and wisdom from the teacher to the
student. Specifically:
- Students are not allowed to be disrespectful or
inhuman to teachers: curse, trample on dignity, beat, or kill
teachers.
- Students and disciples must not cause disunity, harm
each other, or cause division and conflict.
- Students are not allowed to lie to each other, nor are
they allowed to lie to the teacher.
- Teachers are not allowed to be cruel or unfair to
students: curse, trample on dignity, beat, kill students, teach
students to do evil things, teach students to go against the
truth about their origin, practice mission and the true path to
enlightenment.
- Teachers are not allowed to take advantage of
students to satisfy lust, adultery, and other selfish purposes.
- It is not allowed to propagate and teach false
knowledge for personal gain.

The Law of Cause and Effect of the Tuelinhs and Souls When Participating in
Cultivation in the Human World

- Do not use spirituality, belief, or religion to deceive
others for personal gain, destroying the nation's and
humanity's humanistic moral values.
- Do not practice superstition, fortune -telling, or
worship that goes against the truth about your origin;
practice mission and the true path to enlightenment.
- Do not propagate superstitions, negative ideologies,
worship and supplication ideologies, false knowledge about
the origin, practice mission, and true path to enlightenment.
- Do not incite and cause religious conflicts; do not take
advantage of religion to propagate false doctrines that cause
people to lose good human moral values, forcing humanity to
become ignorant and deceive and destroy each other.
Form of National Tao:
National Tao is the relationship between national
leaders and the people towards the nation and people. In this
case, the people and territory are the masters; kings, officials,
leaders, and people are servants. Specifically:
- Kings and mandarins are not allowed to be disloyal to
the country and people: inciting war, going to war of
aggression, embezzlement and corruption, selling out the
country to harm the people, oppressing and killing the people,
letting the people live in poverty, disease, and creating
policies that hurt people.
- People are not allowed to be disloyal to the nation:
being lazy at work, practising superstition, inciting incitement
to incite reaction to divide the nation, betraying the
Fatherland, and fleeing when the country is in danger.

The rules that cannot be violated in the four forms of
the Tao are the law of cause and effect. The law of cause and
effect is the law of justice, a reflection of the evil karma
created by sentient beings. If any living being violates the
rules of the four forms of the Tao, they will have to suffer
karmic consequences in many future lives. They will even
have to suffer karmic consequences right before their eyes,
and after the end of their human life, they will have to fall into
the prison doors on the transiting planet.
The first tuelinh built a set of rules that are not allowed
to be violated in the four forms of the Tao, also known as
cause and effect, to help people and tuelinhs identify and
eliminate toxins, as well as not practice the path of
reincarnation, decay and destruction. If humans and the
tuelinhs violate, they produce negative energy, which is the
path of transformation towards destroying the tuelinhs.
2. The rules must be achieved in the Law of Cause and
Effect of humanity
The rules that must be followed in each person's
interaction with the four forms of the Tao will help them
encode and have the wisdom to understand the method to
eliminate suffering and activate their good factors. Next, each
person practices activating go odness in all scenarios,
interacting in the four forms of the Tao. Understanding how
to activate good elements will help us quickly transform the
energy embryo into an energy filter within the tuelinhs.
Form of Tao of the family:
Family Tao is the interactive relationship within the
family, lineage, spouses, children, brothers, parents,
ancestors, living people and the deceased. That is:

The Law of Cause and Effect of the Tuelinhs and Souls When Participating in
Cultivation in the Human World

- People must understand Heaven and Earth. The first
tuelinh is the great Father of the Universe, the tuelinhs and
humans. Therefore, we must be grateful to Heaven and Earth.
- Children and grandchildren must remember and be
grateful to the national heroes who contributed to building
and protecting the Fatherland. We must not forget and be
thankful to our ancestors who sacrificed their bodies to build
and defend the country in which we live.
- Children must be respectful to their parents: take care
of them and even sacrifice their bodies to protect them.
- Husband and wife must be faithful: love and sacrifice
for each other.
- Brothers must have perfect love: unite, share, and help
each other.
- Parents must teach their children to be good people,
understand human morality, and sacrifice for their children.
- You must get married to start a family and take care of
a happy family to maintain human development.
- Husband and wife must give birth and raise children
when their reproductive health ensures childbirth.
Form of Social Tao:
The form of social Tao is to treat people with each other
and with animals, make a living, work in production, and
interact with all things. Specifically:
- Must love animals, protect animals, save animals and
all things.
- Must protect and develop natural resources.

- Must respect people of the opposite sex and keep
opposite-sex relationships pure.
- Must help people who are difficult, suffering, troubled,
and poor.
- Must help people in distress and danger to their lives.
- Must sacrifice their interests to protect humanity and
bring joy and happiness to humanity.
- We must live with love and must maintain trust
towards each other.
- Must take care of older people, children, and women.
- Must respect young people and respect elders.
- Business and production must comply with national
laws and bring benefits to people, animals and everything.
- Must work hard and be enthusiastic about the
production.
- Employers must care for, love, and help employees.
Form of Tao of teacher and student:
The form of the Tao of teacher and student is the way
of transmitting knowledge and wisdom from the teacher to
the student. Specifically:
- Students must respect their teachers.
- Students and disciples must unite, love and help each
other.
- Students must speak from the heart and share
genuinely.
- Teachers must love their students and teach them to
understand human morality to improve their worldview.

The Law of Cause and Effect of the Tuelinhs and Souls When Participating in
Cultivation in the Human World

- Teachers must respect student s and maintain pure
relationships.
- Must embellish and preserve the pure values of
cultural beliefs and religious sects.
- We must eliminate superstition and ignorance in
beliefs and religions due to false worship and practices about
the origin, practice mission and path to enlightenment.
- Must understand Heaven - Earth - Humanity,
understand the great Father of the tuelinhs and humans. We
must know that all religions are His people. Therefore,
humanity must unite religions to work together to improve
the worldview for the better.
- Teachers and students must spread and teach the
standard knowledge of the two truths so that humanity can
receive and practice the transformation of yin and yang
energy for the tuelinhs.
Form of National Tao:
National Tao is the relationship between national
leaders and the people towards the country and nation. In this
system, the nation and territory are the masters, the king is
the leader, and the people are servants. Specifically:
- Kings and mandarins must build a peaceful and
prosperous country and people's lives, peace and happiness;
they must sacrifice their interests to protect national and
nation's interests.
- People must unite the nation, enthusiastically work in
production, sacrifice their minds and bodies to protect the
country, and develop the nation to become increasingly
prosperous.

- We must unite humanity, eliminate national
incitement and eliminate war.
The rules that must be followed in the four forms of the
Tao are the laws of enlightenment. Practising the law of
enlightenment is producing and connecting sustainable
energy particles for the tuelinhs and souls. When the yin and
yang energy embryo has cou ntless energy particles of
sacrifice and dedication, in the future, in future lives, they will
be linked together to inherit achievements and continue the
journey of sustainable reincarnation.
The rules that must be followed in the four forms of the
Tao are to help people encode accurate information and
activate good elements for the tuelinhs and souls within. If the
first tuelinh had not built a set of rules and called it the law of
enlightenment, people would not have been able to find the
most transcendent path to transform the energy embryo for
the tuelinhs into an energy filter.
Thus, the set of rules that cannot be violated and the set
of rules that must be done that humans must implement in all
interaction scenarios in the four forms of the Tao is the path
to transform the yin and yang energy embryo into an energy
filter. The ru le of poison control protects this path, and
pushing to reach the destination quickly is the rule that must
be done. These two sets of rules are the support, help, and
motivation for the tuelinhs and souls to promptly complete
their practice tasks in the h uman world to return to protect
and sustainably develop life in and outside the universe.
However, these two sets of rules are analyzed carefully and
thoroughly in the lectures on the unified Tao of the universe
through the four forms of Tao. That is, through the negative

The Law of Cause and Effect of the Tuelinhs and Souls When Participating in
Cultivation in the Human World

and positive energy particles, to understand that it is the rules
in the law of cause and effect.
Thus, you have understood the law of cause and effect
of the tuelinhs and souls when participating in the practice
process in the human world. The law of cause and effect is the
crystallization of the mechanism of producing and linking
energy particles with the operation of Nalas Nalanda. It is his
love for all tuelinhs, souls, and humans to help them quickly
understand their inner nature , that of everyone, everything,
and the energy of destruction.”