Chapter Seventy

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through
the Form of Tao of the Family

Would you happen to know? To help people worldwide
understand the enlightened knowledge of Nalas Nalanda and
that people suffering from all kinds of mental illnesses can
quickly recover by studying and practising his wisdom, I must
edit and rewrite the Tea cher's lectures and knowledge. It is
rewritten in levels from easy to difficult, from theory to
particle knowledge and finally, the practice of producing
sustainable energy particles. None of the articles follow the
chronological journey the Teacher has pr eached over the
years. After I discussed rebuilding his lectures and knowledge
from easy to complex and from theory to the practice of
producing energy particles with the Teacher, he considered it
a regimen that would help learners and therapists achieve the
most miraculous results. In each of his therapy teaching
courses, he gives different lectures, and the results all bring
brilliant achievements. When I asked him why that was so, he
answered that it was the power to produce super energy
particles from within his tuelinh; and each of his courses had
different learners, so he had various lectures. That's why I

always have his company when I write down his lectures and
knowledge, and he always provides me with excellent
knowledge.
With his help, I have been able to edit many of his
lectures and the most excellent knowledge in the universe.
That knowledge brings miraculous power in helping the
tuelinhs, and people understand the truth about themselves
and each other, about all things and the energy of destruction.
In particular, that knowledge provides people with the most
miraculous path in practising the mechanism of sustainable
energy particle production to achieve radical enlightenment.
Full enlightenment is to attain the unifying Tao of the
universe, to transform the yin and yang energy embryo into
an energy filter.
The Teacher once said, "All tuelinhs incarnate as
humans; they will practice the production of sustainable
energy particles after understanding the nature of themselves
and everyone, all things, and the energy of destruction.
Therefore, I must create in -depth lectures that contain
transcendent intellectual values about producing energy
particles, which is necessary and extremely important for
humans and the tuelinhs. Because all tuelinhs and souls must
live in the four forms of the Tao to practice the produ ction of
four groups of energy particles that have functions and tasks
for the tuelinh structure, I must focus on helping them
understand the values of all types of energy particles
produced in all interacting scenarios in the four forms of the
Tao."
Now, please join me in returning to the memory of a
course where the Teacher gave lectures on the unified Tao of

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

the universe. Those lectures have given his students a
thorough understanding of the content values in producing
energy particles through interactive scenarios in the four
forms of Tao in the human world.
At that moment, while the Teacher was enjoying a cup
of hot tea before lecturing as usual, a student stood up and
said to the Teacher, "Teacher, from the lecture on the unified
Tao of the universe, we have understood practising of
generating energy particles in the four forms of the Tao will
bring wonderful abilities and powers to the tuelinhs. It can be
seen that the four groups of energy particles produced by the
four forms of the Tao are like groups of functional cells in the
human body. It is the power, the necessary and sufficient
condition for the tuelinhs to transform their yin and yang
energy embryo into an energy filter. With four groups of
intellectual power created from the production of sustainable
energy particles in the four forms of the Tao, the tuelinhs have
magical power: it has the wisdom of immense love to unite all
life forms in the universe, with respect from above and below
to spread the values of sustainable development to all life
forms in and outside the universe. Teacher, I understand that
and see the importance of the four forms of Tao and
achievement after the tuelinhs produce the full quantity and
quality of energy particles in those four forms before being
transformed into the yin and yang energy embryo into an
energy filter. Howe ver, I still do not understand how, when
producing energy particles in the four forms of the Tao, the
tuelinhs will achieve unity with the universe. Please explain it
to us so we can understand."

The Teacher said, "Your question is fascinating. So, you
have understood the knowledge in teaching the unified Tao of
the universe. Hey you, what have you understood from the
previous lectures? That is from ancestral wave-particles,
destruction energy particles, yin and yang energy particles,
about the first tuelinh and the process of building life forms of
him, the nature of wisdom and the transformation mechanism
of the tuelinhs, and many other important lectures. What did
you understand about those lectures?"
"Teacher, I have understood the nature and value of
encoded information, the mechanism of movement of all
types of particles in and out of the universe, and the tuelinhs.
In particular, I understand the toxins and good elements
through the nature of wisdom and the path of transformation
of the tuelinh life form and all things. That is priceless
knowledge, Teacher." Students answer.
The Teacher replied, "So, you already have the wisdom
to unite with all things in and out of the universe. The wisdom
that connects with all things in the universe is the wisdom of
every human being, and tuelinh has an accurate
understanding of the wisdom of all life forms in and outside
the universe, from ancestral wave-particles to the whole
universe. It is the union of the intelligence of the
understanding person with the intelligence in the smallest
energy particle of all things in and outside the unive rse.
However, your understanding through studying
enlightenment knowledge is not considered as attaining the
unified Tao of the universe. To acquire the unifying Tao of the
universe, you must produce stable energy particles. Those
sustainable energy partic les must help your intelligence

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

become immortal, and those energy particles must help all
things in and outside the universe develop sustainably. Do
you understand? That is to produce energy particles
containing the unified intelligence of the universe in
sustainable development. When your soul makes a sufficient
amount of sustainable energy particles with the wisdom of
the unified Tao of the universe, your soul will have the power
to protect and sustainably develop yourself and all things in
and out of the universe. It means that your so ul has the
wisdom of all things within yourself, and your wisdom resides
in all things inside and outside the universe.
However, to understand oneself and others,
understand all things and the energy of destruction, all
tuelinhs must experience all the interaction scenarios in the
four forms of the Tao. That process will help all tuelinhs to
eliminate all toxins and maximiz e the goodness within to
practice producing four groups of energy particles with
magical power from the four forms of the Tao to help them
attain enlightenment, the unified Tao of the universe."
"Teacher, from your explanations, I have understood
and seen even more the importance of living and practising
the production of sustainable energy particles in the four
forms of the Tao. Therefore, I feel sorry for those who have
abandoned their families, abandoned their wives and
children, abandoned their husbands and children to find
somewhere to practice. Just as the Teacher said, coming to the
human world is to practice, so where else do we go to practice
again? I want to thank you very much, Teacher."
Then, the Teacher began the lecture, "So, you
understand the importance of the four forms of Tao in the

human world, and you also understand that you must have
wisdom and produce sustainable energy particles in the four
forms of the Tao. Therefore, to attain the unified Tao of the
universe, you must go through each form of the Tao in your
life in the human world.
In today's lecture, you will understand the unified Tao
of the universe through family Tao. It means you will have the
wisdom to understand all types of energy particles with
different electric wave characteristics produced in all
interaction scenarios in the family Tao form. Understanding
them will help you eliminate toxins and stop creating negative
energy particles. Next, you can practice generating positive
energy particles in all family Tao form interactive scenarios.
As you know, the family Tao form is the relationship
between family members; it includes the relationship
between husband and wife, parents and children, siblings and
each other, and between living people and other dead. The
family Tao brings the value of true love and covers all things
in and out of the universe after understanding and practising
the path of producing sustainable energy particles in all
interaction contents of the family Tao form.
Now, let me explore each piece of content in the form of
the Tao of the family. Those contents create magical values in
encoding functions and tasks for sustainable energy particles
after being produced.
Content of marriage between man and woman:
The male represents positive energy particles, and the
female represents negative energy particles. Each person has
their mission and tasks. However, they have a common task
of forming a mechanism to link together to develop new life.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

It is the task of linking yin and yang particles together to form
yin and yang energy embryos. From there, the yin and yang
embryo will continue its production mechanism to create new
energy particles. New energy particles will strengthen the
structure of the yin and yang embryo and contribute to the
overall development of the universe.
From the appearance of man and woman that Nalas
Nalanda created and from the symbolism and duties of man
and woman, they must join together to form husband and wife
to give birth to children. That helps them grow into a family
with new people. From their f amilies, those members will
contribute to values that promote the joint development of
humanity.
Through the content of marriage between a man and a
woman, Nalas Nalanda wanted the tuelinhs to understand the
nature of their own and each other's toxins and good
elements. That will help them recognize and eliminate their
toxins and support each other in removing toxins. After that,
they must practice activating good aspects together to
produce sustainable energy particles.
The script of a man and woman getting married will
help tuelinhs learn the lesson of making decisions to build
true love.
You must remember that yin and yang energy particles
do not have the phenomenon of trying to bond and then
separate from bonding with other energy particles. Before a
connection reaction occurs, they must learn to find
similarities or matches in informatio n content. After linking
together to form yin and yang energy embryos, they will be
closely intertwined until they are disintegrated by destructive

energy or develop into the most incredible physical structure
possible. You must remember this to see the value in making
decisions in love between men and women and in marriage.
To become a yin and yang energy embryo, you must be
a negative energy particle linked to a positive energy particle.
The yin and yang energy embryo cannot be two negative or
positive particles linked together. Only the yin and yang
energy embryo produces new energy particles to promote the
development of itself and all things in the universe. Energy
particles linked together by the same electric waves cannot
have a production and development mechanism; they only
create a simple solidarity mechanism. You mus t remember
this to thoroughly understand the content of marriage
between a man and a woman and to recognize the toxins and
good elements in that content.
The harmful energy particles produced when deciding
to marry a man or woman are the toxins in the original
negative energy particle of the soul. They contain the
following content values:
- A man and a woman decide not to get married and live
alone. Their yin and yang energy embryo will produce a grey
yin energy particle with strong electric waves. It is the poison
of selfishness and irresponsibility towards life and soul. The
result is suffering for the parents and their souls. Their tuelinh
does not have the opportunity to practice understanding the
toxins and good elements of their yin and yang energy
embryos. At that time, their tuelinh will encounter difficulties
on their practice journ ey when they do not have a complete
marital script and family form to practice to force out toxins
and activate good elements.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

- Same-sex marriage is two men marrying each other or
two women marrying each other. Their actions caused the
soul to produce a grey negative energy particle with strong
electric waves. That is an act that hurts their parents and their
tuelinhs. That cause s their tuelinhs to absorb toxins of false
information from that action. As a result, their yin and yang
energy embryos cannot decode data. They risk damaging
their yin and yang embryo structure when destructive energy
penetrates and decomposes.
- A man or woman cohabiting or having premarital sex
with another person. That action causes their tuelinh to
produce grey harmful energy particles with strong electric
waves. The consequence of this action is that their tuelinhs
are damaged by absorbing toxic information of sexual greed,
and that is not true love aimed at marriage.
- A man or a woman forces or coerces another person
to marry him or her without their consent. That causes that
person's soul to produce grey harmful energy particles. That
is an act that hurts the person being coerced.
The positive energy particles produced when deciding
to marry a man or woman are the good elements in the
original positive energy particle of the soul. They contain the
following content values:
- When a man and woman decide to marry each other,
their tuelinh produces a green positive energy particle with
strong electric waves. It is a positive energy particle of
sustainable development that both men and women activate
to form a family. They will have interactive scenarios to
practice removing toxins and activating good elements in
other aspects of the family form.

- Before men and women decide to marry each other,
they do not cohabitate and do not have sex with others, and
they do not force others to get married; the soul within them
will produce a green positive energy particle with strong
electric waves. It is a positive particle that is not contaminated
by harmful content.
- The man or woman is tolerant and forgives each
other's mistakes to get married together. The actions of
tolerant people help the soul inside them produce a green
positive energy particle with strong electric waves.
- When a tolerant man or woman marries a single
parent with children, the soul of the tolerant person produces
a green positive energy particle.
- A man or woman loves and decides to marry a person
with a disability or severe illness. That person's soul will
produce a green positive energy particle.
- Men and women teach each other about enlightened
knowledge in the context of a husband-and-wife relationship
to practice together to eliminate toxins and activate each
other's good elements. Their souls will produce yellow
positive energy particles through solidarity to spread the
value of sustainable development, which is the truth of the
origin and mission of practice in the human world.
Content of the newly married couple:
The husband and wife are great symbols of the yin and
yang energy of the tuelinh and soul. It symbolizes the
information reaction process between the original negative
energy particle and the original positive energy particle in the
yin and yang embryo. It is a non -stop reaction between two

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

yin and yang particles and between them and information
from the outside environment. Therefore, the content of
interaction between husband and wife is built by Nalas
Nalanda with the most scenarios and levels from simple to
super complex. The purpose is t o help the tuelinhs and souls
eliminate all the toxins inside the harmful energy particles
and maximize the activation of good elements inside the
positive energy particles.
You must remember that after the yin and yang energy
embryo is formed, an information conflict occurs between the
original yin and yang energy particles during the information
wave circulation process. That is the nature of the conflict
because they must conflict to assign functions and tasks to
each other. You must remember this to understand the toxins
and good elements of newly married couples. From there,
couples will know how to eliminate toxins and activate good
elements in assigning functions and tasks to each other.
It would help to remember that yin and yang energy
embryos never break and separate after being linked. They
are only disintegrated or detonated by destructive energy.
That shows the strength of their bond until they are
destroyed.
The harmful energy particles produced in the content
of the newly married couple are the toxins in the original
negative energy particle of the soul. They contain the
following content values:
- The wife or husband is selfish, playful, and does not
care about each other. That causes the spouse to be hurt and
become miserable. The tuelinh or soul of that selfish and

playful person will produce one or more grey harmful energy
particles with strong electric waves.
- The wife or husband curses each other, tramples on
each other's dignity, fights and insults each other because
they do not suit each other's personalities or are unsatisfied
with something after marriage. That person's soul will
produce grey negative ene rgy particles of actions that hurt
the wife or husband.
The positive energy particles produced in the content
of the newly married couple are the good elements in the
original positive energy particle of the soul. They contain the
following content values:
- Husband and wife let go of selfishness and playfulness
to share and bond in love. The soul in them will produce green
positive energy particles of love development after
eliminating the poison of greed and giddiness.
- Husband and wife ignore each other's shortcomings
and bad habits, ignore the conflicts of the new couple to share
and love each other, and build a happy family together ; the
soul in them produces green positive energy particles.
- Husband and wife teach each other about enlightened
knowledge in the scenario of the marital relationship to
practice together to eliminate toxins and activate each other's
good elements. Their souls will produce yellow positive
energy particles through solidarity to spread the value of
sustainable development, which is the truth of the origin and
mission of practice in the human world.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

Content of the couple deciding to have children:
The decision to give birth symbolises the yin and yang
energy embryo practising the mechanism of producing the
smallest energy particles with negative or positive electric
waves. That shows that the energy embryo has a unified
function and mission to form an information reaction with the
external environment and a reaction with the i nternal
environment before producing new energy particles. It also
shows that the yin and yang energy embryo practices the
generative mechanism to develop its structure to become
strong and contribute to the sustainable development of all
life forms in the universe.
Children's birth after marriage is natural for couples to
develop the family structure and create interactive content in
the family form. It contributes positive values to the practice
environment of the tuelinhs and souls in the human world.
The nature of childbirth is similar to that of the yin and yang
energy embryo that produces energy particles.
It would help to remember that there is no yin and yang
energy embryo in the universe that without practising the
energy particle production mechanism. If they do not practice
the mechanism of particle production, they cannot grow and
will quickly be destroyed by destructive energy.
The types of harmful energy particles produced when
the couple decides to have children are the toxins in the
original negative energy particle of the soul. They contain the
following content values:
- If one of the two people, or the whole couple, decides
not to have children to live a free and leisurely life, their
tuelinh will produce grey harmful energy particles. It is a

poison caused by ignorant thoughts and actions when they
only know how to be selfish and do not properly carry out the
vocation God has given them. That means they make their
soul unable to perform the ability to create information
reactions between the tw o original yin and yang energy
particles to produce positive energy particles for
development. It also means that their toxins have controlled
and dominated them.
- Couples give reasons such as not having enough
economic conditions, work, career, or even illness not to have
children. When they do not overcome difficulties and
challenges to decide to create a baby and create interactive
script content in the form of family Tao, their tuelinh will
produce a grey negative energy particle. The damage to their
tuelinh from those decisions is long-lasting, making it difficult
for them to have children in their next lives. You must
understand that refusing the vocation give n by God is an
action that violates the law of cause and effect. As a result,
they will have to accept suffering values corresponding to
what they have done.
The positive energy particles produced in the couple's
decision to have children are the good elements in the original
positive energy particle of the tuelinh. They contain the
following content values:
- A couple who decides to have a child after marriage
will help their souls produce green positive energy particles.
It is the positive energy particle of development; it is the
creation of interactive scenarios in the form of family Tao; it
is developing the family structure to become stronger and, at
the same time, contributing to society's general development.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

- The couple overcame economic, work, and even
illness difficulties to decide to have a child. That decision
helps the tuelinh in them produce green positive energy
particles of development.
- Husband and wife teach each other about enlightened
knowledge in the scenario of the marital relationship to
practice together to eliminate toxins and activate each other's
good elements. Their tuelinh will produce yellow positive
energy particles throug h solidarity to spread the value of
sustainable development, which is the truth of the origin and
mission of practice in the human world.
Content that the wife or husband is unable to have
children:
The inability of the wife, husband, or both to give birth
symbolises the original yin and yang embryo's failure to
create a reaction that produces sustainable energy particles
like yang energy particles and harmful energy particles with
weak electric waves . The inability of yin and yang energy
embryos to produce sustainable energy particles is the nature
of all life forms in the universe. Therefore, through scripts
with this content, we help the tuelinhs and souls recognise
their and each other's toxins, th ereby learning how to
eliminate them and activate each other's goodness.
The couple's inability to have children will help people
learn the lesson of love and find solutions to create reactions
that produce sustainable energy particles in their souls.
Remember, all energy embryos in all life forms of the
universe can produce energy particles, even though many
cannot produce sustainable energy particles. However,

having energy embryos supported by a positive environment
will allow them to create reactions that produce sustainable
energy particles. That will help tuelinhs and souls learn the
lesson of finding the right environment or help to overcome
challenges. Tha t is to eliminate toxins and activate good
elements in their yin and yang energy embryos.
The harmful energy particles produced in couples who
are unable to have children are the toxins in the original
negative energy particle of the tuelinh. They contain the
following content values:
- When one of the two people is unable to have children,
the other person insults, tramples on dignity, and treats the
person who is unable to have children poorly, they will
produce grey harmful energy particles in their souls.
- When one of the two no longer loves each other
because of their inability to have children, they will produce a
grey negative energy particle. Subsequent actions will cause
them to create different harmful energy particles as they no
longer love each other.
- If a couple performs rituals to ask Buddha or God to
give them children while they are unable to have children,
that is an act of ignorance and superstition. It will cause their
soul to produce many grey harmful energy particles because
of the rituals they perform.
- When a husband or wife divorces to marry someone
new with the desire to have children, that person will produce
a black negative energy particle with very strong electric
waves by destroying the happy structure of their family. That
shows that the toxins in their soul are very strong, and it
causes their yin and yang energy embryos to be completely

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

dominated by toxins. They are at a very high risk of being
decomposed by destructive energy.
- When a husband commits adultery to have a child,
that person's soul produces many grey and black harmful
energy particles. It is destroying one's own family's happiness
and that of others.
The positive energy particles produced in couples
unable to have children are the good elements in the original
positive energy particle of the tuelinh. They contain the
following content values:
- After learning they could not have children, the couple
decided to maintain their love and live faithfully together.
That decision helps both of their souls produce green positive
energy particles for developing love between husband and
wife.
- Couples seek and treat together so they can have
children. As a result, they gave birth to a child. That makes
them produce green energy particles of development because
they have sought support solutions to overcome the
challenges of this scenario.
- The couple decided to adopt a child after learning they
were unable to have children or had undergone treatment
that prevented them from having children. That action helps
them produce many green positive energy particles because
of their kindness in helping the abandoned child become their
child.
- Husband and wife teach each other about enlightened
knowledge in the scenario of the marital relationship to
practice together to eliminate toxins and activate each other's

good elements. Their tuelinhs will produce yellow positive
energy particles through solidarity to spread the value of
sustainable development, which is the truth of the origin and
mission of practice in the human world.
Content about pregnant women and deciding
whether to give birth or not:
The fact that a woman becomes pregnant and must
choose whether to give birth is a scenario to help the tuelinhs
and souls learn how to eliminate the poison of selfishness and
activate the good element of sacrifice to generate sustainable
energy particles w ith sustainable development
characteristics. That is a good element of deciding to have a
child.
You already know that all energy embryos can produce
particles because that is nature's nature.
You also know that when performing a reaction that
produces positive energy particles, the yin and yang energy
embryo produces neutral and negative energy particles with
weak electric waves. It is a mechanism to produce sustainable
energy particles. The value it brings is enormous. It helps the
soul structure that produces those energy particles become
more sustainable and developed. In addition, it contributes to
the sustainable development of life forms in the universe.
Refusing to produce sustainable energy particles of yin-
yang embryos would be the most incredible ignorance of that
type of energy embryo, if there ever was one. It is also the
destruction that comes to it the fastest. Therefore, you should
understand this to see the toxins and good elements in a
woman's decision to give birth when she is pregnant.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

The types of negative energy particles produced when
a pregnant woman's body decides whether to give birth are
toxins in the original negative energy particle of the soul. They
contain the following content values:
- The woman is not married but has sex with a man and
becomes pregnant. They decided to abort the fetus to ensure
their lives in the future were better than giving birth to that
child. That woman may be of student age or older. Any reason
given cannot prev ent that person's soul from producing a
black negative energy particle with very strong electric waves
of murder. Killing the fetus and refusing to have children will
make them unable to have children in their next lives. Even in
their present life, they will have to suffer the consequences for
the evil karma of killing their unborn child.
- The wife is pregnant, and the couple realizes they do
not have enough money to raise the baby, or they feel it will
affect their career, or they see they have an illness and fear it
will affect their health, or they see that the baby had
deformities, he decided not to give birth to him. With this
action, the souls of both the wife and the husband produce
black negative energy particles in the act of killing the fetus.
When they decide to abort the fetus for some reason, in the
future and their next lives, they will live in suffering and in the
life of the reason for which they killed the fetus. In addition,
they will not be able to have children in their next human life
because they have refused God to give them a tuelinh to
incarnate as a human to practice.
The positive energy particles produced during a
woman's pregnancy and the decision to give birth are the

good elements in the original positive energy particles of the
soul. They contain the following content values:
- If an unmarried woman gets pregnant, they decide to
overcome the criticism of everyone around them, even
relatives, to give birth to the baby and raise it to become a
human. Deciding to give birth to a child helped the woman's
soul produce a green positi ve energy particle for the life
development of a baby. In addition, raising the child to
become a good person will help that soul produce fire -red
positive energy particles with very strong electric waves. That
is the energy particle of the mother's proces s of transmitting
knowledge to her children.
- The couple decides to have a baby when they know
they are pregnant even though they are facing economic
difficulties, illness, career, or the baby has defects. They
decided to give birth to that child regardless of any problems
that would cause them future suffering. With that action, both
husband and wife produce green positive energy particles of
development and love for their children. In addition, caring
for and raising that child will help both husband and wife
produce fire -red positive energy partic les in their souls by
transmitting knowledge to the child.
- Husband and wife teach each other about enlightened
knowledge in the scenario of the marital relationship to
practice together to eliminate toxins and activate each other's
good elements. Their souls will produce yellow positive
energy particles through solidarity to spread the value of
sustainable development, which is the truth of the origin and
mission of practice in the human world.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

Content of the husband or wife deciding to
commit adultery:
The couple symbolises yin and yang energy, and it is
natural for them to be closely linked together in
inseparability. They only separate when they are destroyed.
Therefore, the symbol of the yin -yang energy embryo is the
greatest of the universe, and the symbol of the couple is the
greatest of all human interaction scenarios in the four forms
of Tao. It is the greatest symbol because it helps each tuelinh
and soul learn how to circulate information waves between
the original negative and positive particles to produce
sustainable energy particles. Thus, to achieve sustainable
development, yin and yang energy embryos must practice the
ability to circulate information waves for the production of
sustainable energy particles. That is the path of sustainable
transmutation.
It would be best to remember that once linked, the
energy embryo's original yin and yang energy particles do not
separate themselves to connect with other energy particles.
Therefore, it is the norm for the training of the tuelinhs and
souls in the context of interaction in the marital relationship
to force out toxins and activate good elements within the yin
and yang energy embryo.
The nature of all yin and yang embryos of all life forms
in the universe is that information conflict occurs during the
reaction process. From that conflict, the yin and yang embryos
will establish common functions and tasks for sustainable
development. Therefore, the same goes for husband-and-wife
relationships; after marriage, they will have a process of
conflict in ideology and action. That makes it easy for them to

become emotionally unavailable in their marital love, and
they are easily attracted to outside relationships of the
opposite sex. It is a script to help them force out toxins and
activate good elements in their yin and yang embryos.
The harmful energy particles produced in the content
of a wife or husband who decides to commit adultery are
toxins in the original negative energy particle of the tuelinh.
They contain the following content values:
- The husband, for some reason, cannot control his
mind, leading to paedophilia and rape. That person's soul will
produce a grey negative energy particle of greed and desire.
However, if the consequences lead to the victim being injured
or committing suicide, that rapist or paedophile will produce
more grey and black harmful energy particles. It is the energy
particle that kills humans.
- The husband or wife, for whatever reason, buys sex to
satisfy their desires. They will produce a grey negative energy
particle for each act.
- When a wife or husband commits adultery with
someone of the opposite or same sex, they will produce a lot
of grey harmful energy particles. Additionally, if the
consequences then cause suffering and damage to their
children, spouse, and those with whom they have committed
adultery, their soul continues to produce harmful energy
particles, grey or black. Those are negative particles that
destroy their family's happiness and others.
The positive energy particles produced in the content
of a wife or husband deciding to commit adultery are the good
elements in the original positive energy particle of the soul.
They contain the following content values:

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

- When a wife and husband overcome conflicts
together, overcome boredom in their love to love each other
and do not commit adultery, they will produce green positive
energy particles of the development of love between husband
and wife.
- The wife or husband overcomes all situations of
temptation not to commit acts of fornication, prostitution, and
adultery; instead, they love their spouses more. That action
helps their soul produce a green positive energy particle.
- Husband and wife teach each other about enlightened
knowledge in the scenario of the marital relationship to
practice together to eliminate toxins and activate each other's
good elements. Their souls will produce yellow positive
energy particles through solidarity to spread the value of
sustainable development, which is the truth of the origin and
mission of practice in the human world.
Contents of a person facing an unfaithful wife or
husband:
It would help if you remembered that the yin and yang
energy embryo never separates except when the energy of
destruction disintegrates it. That means the negative or
positive particles never react with other particles and
separate themselves when they are yin and yang embryos.
They decay and perish like a married couple living together
until the end of a human life.
The process of information reaction between negative
and positive particles in the yin and yang embryo is always
taking place to train for the development of a mechanism to
produce sustainable energy particles. Therefore, the scenario

of the interaction content, when a person has an unfaithful
wife or husband, is to train the information reaction of the yin
and yang embryo to practice the mechanism to produce
sustainable energy particles.
The harmful energy particles produced when a person
has to deal with an unfaithful wife or husband are the toxins
in the original negative energy particle of the soul. They
contain the following content values:
- When a person knows that his or her wife or husband
commits adultery, he or she takes actions that cause injury to
those adulterers. That caused their soul to produce grey
harmful energy particles.
- People faced with an unfaithful wife or husband lose
control and kill one of the adulterers. The soul in that person
produces black harmful energy particles of killing.
- People have an unfaithful wife or husband, they decide
to divorce. That person's soul produces a grey negative
energy particle.
- When a husband or wife commits adultery, the person
facing becomes resentful of the wife or husband even if they
still live together or divorce. That resentment causes that
person to produce many blood -red harmful energy particles
with super strong electric waves.
The positive energy particles produced when a person
has to face an unfaithful husband or wife are the good
elements in the original positive energy particle of the tuelinh.
They contain the following content values:

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

- People who face an unfaithful wife or husband, forgive
them for living together and building a happy family will
produce a green positive energy particle.
- That person forgives and educates the wife or
husband who committed adultery. That person's soul
produces a green positive energy particle of development and
a red -fire energy particle of teaching and inspiring others
towards sustainable development.
- Husband and wife teach each other about enlightened
knowledge in the scenario of the marital relationship to
practice together to eliminate toxins and activate each other's
good elements. Their souls will produce yellow positive
energy particles through solidarity to spread the value of
sustainable development, which is the truth of the origin and
mission of practice in the human world.
Content of the wife or husband being addicted to
stimulants or gambling:
Like many other contents in the husband -wife
relationship, this content is associated with training to
transform the information reaction of yin and yang energy
embryos towards producing sustainable energy particles.
This content also clearly shows the same scenario as in the yin
and yang energy embryo when the negative energy particle is
out of control due to destructive toxic information from the
outside environment. That poses a signif icant challenge for
the original positive energy particle to create re actions to
control the original negative particle when interacting with
the outside environment.

The scenario of a wife or husband being addicted to
stimulants or gambling due to the manipulation and
seduction of friends or for any reason is a valuable scenario
for identifying toxins and the external environment, then
learning how to activate our own and each other's good
elements.
The harmful energy particles produced when the
husband or wife is addicted to stimulants or plays gambling
are the toxins in the original negative energy particle of the
soul. They contain the following content values:
- People who are addicted to stimulants or play
gambling will produce many grey harmful energy particles.
These toxic negative energy particles of playful behaviour
hurt their family and others. The person can then produce
various toxic, harmful energy par ticles if they take actions
that hurt their family and others to varying degrees. It is
because of pleasure that one beats one's wife and children or
kills one's wife and children; it is because of joy that conflicts
and kills others; it is because of plea sure and entertainment
that one commits adultery; it is because of pleasure that one
abandons one's wife or husband; it's because of merriment
that one rob and kill people; it's that one is lazy to work
because of merriment; it's that one die because of merriment.
Those consequences will cause that person's soul to produce
harmful black energy particles.
- A person whose wife or husband is addicted to
stimulants or plays gambling, that person curses or resents
that person, that person's soul produces blood -red harmful
energy particles.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

- A person whose wife or husband is a playboy or
addicted to stimulants, that person decides to leave and
divorce. That person's soul produces grey harmful energy
particles.
- A person whose wife or husband is a playboy or
addicted to stimulants decides to kill that spouse. That
person's soul will produce a black negative energy particle.
The positive energy particles produced in the content
of the wife or husband addicted to stimulants or gambling are
the good elements in the original positive energy particle of
the tuelinh. They contain the following content values:
- The wife or husband decides not to play around, not
to be addicted to stimulants, and not to play gambling when
being enticed or seduced by friends or by certain
circumstances to work hard and build a happy family. That
person's soul will produce a green positive energy particle of
growth.
- The person who forgives his or her husband or wife
who is addicted to drugs or alcoholism or gambling, then
helps that person give up those evils to build a happy family
together. That person's soul produces both a green positive
energy particle of the d evelopment of love and a fire -red
positive energy particle of the spread of knowledge to
influence each other toward sustainable development.
- Husband and wife teach each other about enlightened
knowledge in the scenario of the marital relationship to
practice together to eliminate toxins and activate each other's
good elements. Their souls will produce yellow positive
energy particles through solidarity to spread the value of

sustainable development, which is the truth of the origin and
mission of practice in the human world.
Content of the couple facing the decision to
divorce:
Before the couple decides to divorce, the script's
content is to help the tuelinhs and souls identify the maximum
toxins in their original negative energy particle. Additionally,
this scenario shows the inability and failure of the yang
energy particle's ability to control the yin energy particle in
the yin and yang embryo. That indicates that the negative
energy particle is at risk of being controlled by super -strong
toxins inside, and the original positive energy particle is at
risk of being controlled by the negative particles.
Married life always has information conflicts because it
is a great environment to train the yin and yang embryo to
transform into a mechanism to produce sustainable energy
particles in all reaction scenarios that produce energy
particles. Therefore, the risk of separation and divorce is very
high, and it comes from any number of reasons. That shows
those toxins will break out if they decide to divorce and that
good factors will be activated if they overcome them to build
happiness in their married life.
The types of harmful energy particles produced when a
couple faces the decision to divorce are the toxins in the
original negative energy particle of the soul. They contain the
following content values:
- If the wife or husband decides to divorce for any
reasonable reason, their soul will produce grey harmful
energy particles. Although it is only a grey negative energy

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

particle, the consequences are enormous when the soul's yin
and yang energy embryo is not able to provide functions and
tasks for the practice of producing sustainable energy
particles. Therefore, their soul quickly practices the
production of harmful energy particles in large quantities. As
a result, that soul will soon be disintegrated by the energy of
destruction. That causes them to re-experience a lot of trauma
and suffering because of divorce. That is to help that tuelinh
understand its toxins and lea rn how to force them out.
However, with the emotions and states of suffering, the
tuelinh and that person will feel the agony and despair in the
tribulation of this content.
- If the person who decides to divorce becomes
resentful of the wife or husband, that person's soul will
produce many blood -red harmful energy particles. That
shows that the toxins have broken out strongly and caused
that soul to lose control.
- Of course, the person who causes suffering to the wife
or husband by making that person decide to divorce also
produces harmful energy particles with strong electric waves.
However, that person does not choose to divorce because he
does not want to. Therefore, that person's soul does not
produce harmful energy particles of divorce content.
The positive energy particles produced in the context
of a couple facing the decision to divorce are the good
elements in the original positive energy particle of the soul.
They contain the following content values:
- Husband and wife overcome conflicts to decide not to
divorce and live together in love and happiness. Both produce
green positive energy particles of sustainable development.

- A wife or husband decides not to divorce when their
husband or wife leaves home to live with someone else or
lives with acts of adultery and fornication. This situation does
not help them create positive energy particles in their
marriage, and they divor ce. That person only produces
positive energy particles in other contents in the family form.
However, that person can inspire and educate the husband or
wife to give up a negative life and return together to build a
happy family and conjugal love. That pe rson will produce
green and fire-red positive energy particles in that case.
- Husband and wife teach each other about enlightened
knowledge in the scenario of the marital relationship to
practice together to eliminate toxins and activate each other's
good elements. Their souls will produce yellow positive
energy particles through solidarity to spread the value of
sustainable development, which is the truth of the origin and
mission of practice in the human world.
Content of the wife or husband being sick:
This content will help the tuelinhs and souls learn how
to identify toxins and eliminate them, then activate their own
and each other's good elements.
The harmful energy particles produced in content
when the sick wife or husband are the toxins in the original
negative energy particle of the soul. They contain the
following content values:
- When people see that their wife or husband is sick,
unable to make money, unable to meet their physiological
needs, and makes them bored in life, that person decides to
leave the patient behind to go live with someone else

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

somewhere else or decides to divorce. That person's soul
produces grey harmful energy particles.
- When people have their wives or husbands sick
because of difficult economic circumstances, they do not help
the ill person with treatment; their souls will produce grey
harmful energy particles. If a sick person is left to die of illness
without ever being helped by their spouse in treatment, that
spouse's soul will produce black harmful energy particles.
- When they see their spouse sick, instead of treatment,
they together perform rituals to pray to Buddha or God to get
better. Their souls produce harmful energy particles with
slightly strong electric waves.
- The patient becomes resentful of their spouse for not
helping them treat their illness because they have no money,
for living with someone else, or because of a divorce; the sick
person will produce many blood -red yin energy particles in
their soul.
The positive energy particles produced in content
when the spouse is sick , they are the good elements in the
original positive energy particle of the soul. They contain the
following content values:
- The wife or husband is dedicated to helping the
patient with treatment, even borrowing and selling valuable
assets to cure the patient; they will produce green positive
energy particles.
- The wife or husband lives faithfully and takes care of
the sick person even though that person cannot meet their
physiological needs or does not make money; that person
produces green positive energy particles.

- The patient has a severe illness that cannot be cured
while their family is in difficulty. They refuse treatment to
save little money for their children's education. That means
they accept sacrifices for their children and their spouses.
That causes them to produce green positive energy particles.
- Husband and wife teach each other about enlightened
knowledge in the scenario of the marital relationship to
practice together to eliminate toxins and activate each other's
good elements. Their souls will produce yellow positive
energy particles through solidarity to spread the value of
sustainable development, which is the truth of the origin and
mission of practice in the human world.
The content of the wife or husband dying when
they did not have children:
The content of this script is to help the tuelinhs and
souls practice the ability to create information reactions
between the two yin and yang particles in the energy embryo.
At the same time, it helps them recognize toxins and eliminate
them, followed by activating good elements.
You must remember that each person must live and
create all four forms of Tao with full interactive script content
to practice eliminating toxins and activating good elements.
The harmful energy particles produced in content
when the wife or husband died when they did not have
children are the toxins in the original negative energy particle
of the soul. They contain the following content values:
- The living person does not marry another person and
remains alone until the end of his or her life after the husband
or wife has died and they do not have children. That person's

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

tuelinh will produce a negative energy particle with strong
electric waves.
- People who are still alive do not get married anymore,
so they do not recreate the family form because they do not
have children and no longer have a marital relationship.
Therefore, they do not have scripts to practice moving toxins
and activating goodn ess. That causes their soul to lose the
ability to create information reactions of yin and yang energy
embryos to produce sustainable energy particles.
The positive energy particles produced in the content
of the death of a spouse when they have not yet had children
are the good elements in the original positive energy particle
of the soul. They contain the following content values:
- The living continues to marry others to build a family
form, create practical scenarios to remove toxins and activate
good elements in the family Tao. That helps that person
produce green positive energy particles of growth.
- After a person marries a new person, if they practice
teaching enlightened knowledge in married life to that person
to build a happy life together, that person will produce yellow
positive energy particles of solidarity to spread enlightened
expertise for sustainable development together.
The content of the wife or husband dying when they
had children:
This content also tests the ability of the tuelinhs and
souls to create reactions in the yin and yang embryos. In
addition, it is a script to check whether the amount of toxins
in the original negative energy particle is still there, more or
less.

You must understand that when a wife or husband dies
while they already have children, this scenario is opposite to
the scenario when they do not have children yet and the
husband or wife dies. When they do not have children, they
must continue getting mar ried to create family structure
scenarios. However, in the content of this scenario, they
already have children, and the survivors have the scenario of
the family form even though it has less content than married
couples when no one dies.
The harmful energy particles produced in the content
of the dead wife or husband when they have children are the
toxins in the original negative energy particle of the soul. They
contain the following content values:
- The surviving person continues to marry another
person, and their soul produces a grey negative energy
particle. That shows that their toxins are still present. That is
the poison of greed and lust.
- If a person is still alive and leaves their children to
marry someone else, they will produce more grey harmful
energy particles in their relationship with their children when
they do not care for them.
- A living person marries another person, and that
person's child is injured or abused to death. That person will
produce many grey and black negative energy particles. It is
the poison of greed and lust that causes suffering for children,
even death for children.
The positive energy particles produced in the death of
a spouse when they have children are the good elements in
the original positive energy particle of the soul. They contain
the following content values:

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

- The survivor decides not to remarry and stays to raise
their children to adulthood. That person produces green
positive energy particles of growth. That is the good factor
that is activated, and that good factor has eliminated the
poison of greed for des ire or any other reason that people
come up with.
- Those still alive raise their children to become human
beings, even teaching them about enlightened knowledge so
that the children become good people. That person will
produce fire -red energy particles for teaching children and
yellow energy particles for teaching enlightened knowledge.
Content of the wife or husband has status in
society:
This content is a scenario to test toxins in very high yin
and yang energy embryos of the tuelinhs and souls. Therefore,
it is linked to the interaction content in another Tao form, the
national Tao form. Of course, all the contents in the marital
relationship are linked and associated with the interactive
contents of other forms of Tao, but it is to a lower degree. This
interactive scenario is closely tied to the national Tao form ,
and its impact value is highly significant.
Besides checking toxins and good elements in the
family Tao form, the content in this scenario is also a script to
check in the national Tao form. It is both to test the ability of
the yin-yang embryo to respond to information and to check
the amount of toxins in the original yin particle.
The husband or wife has a position in society as a leader
from the grassroots level to the country's top leader.

The harmful energy particles produced in the content
of a wife or husband with a position in society are the toxins
in the original negative energy particle of the soul. They
contain the following content values:
- The leader is instigated by their spouse to commit
embezzlement and corruption. Both husband and wife
produced a lot of harmful black and grey energy particles.
- The leader is influenced by their spouse in bringing
relatives, people who run for office to leadership positions
when they do not have the ability and ethics. Both husband
and wife produce a lot of grey and black negative energy
particles.
- The leader is dominated by their spouse, causing
damage to the people, such as famine and epidemics, poverty
and ignorance. Both husband and wife produced countless
grey, black, and blood -red negative energy particles from
their actions, causing ignorance among the people.
- The harmful energy particles produced include
content in the marital relationship and content in the National
Tao form. Therefore, the toxin of the negative particles is very
strong and complex.
The positive energy particles produced in the content
of a spouse with a position in society are the good elements in
the original positive energy particle of the soul. They contain
the following content values:
- Leaders are not influenced by their spouses; they
practice management and promulgate policies to help people
overcome poverty and epidemics and have a prosperous life.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

Their soul produces countless green, fire -red, and yellow
energy particles.
- The leader is advised by his wife or husband and has
contributions to help them build policies that benefit the
people. Both husband and wife produce green, fire -red and
yellow positive energy particles.
- The couple teaches each other about enlightened
wisdom to build family happiness and bring beneficial values
to the people. Both produce yellow energy particles of
solidarity that spread the values of sustainable development
in the relationship between husband and wife and the form of
national Tao.
- Positive energy particles are produced in this content,
including the content of the national form. Therefore, they
have great value in helping the tuelinhs mature quickly and
have the power to detonate destructive energy.
Contents of how couples treat each other:
The content of the husband and wife's treatment of
each other covers all interaction content in the husband-and-
wife relationship . However, in married life, countless
reactions form valuable scenarios that help the tuelinhs and
souls eliminate toxins and activate their good elements.
Therefore, I cannot explain everything to you in detail.
Instead, I only carefully analyze the main and most crucial
content groups. The rest I group in the content of how
husband and wife treat each other.
In this context, many small contents help the tuelinhs
and souls practice transforming into a mechanism to produce
sustainable energy particles.

The harmful energy particles produced in the
relationship between husband and wife are the toxins in the
original negative energy particle of the soul. They contain the
following content values:
- Husband and wife insult each other, curse each other,
trample on each other's dignity, beat each other, their soul
will produce a grey negative energy particle for each time
they create that reaction.
- The spouse leaves home to become a monk; that
person produces many grey harmful energy particles in the
marital content. In addition, they also produce countless
blood-red negative energy particles because they take the
wrong path to enlightenment.
- The wife or husband kills each other or commits
suicide for some reason; they both produce black negative
energy particles due to the toxins of killing the wife, or
husband, or themselves due to suicide.
- If the wife or husband resents and hates each other for
some reason, their souls will produce blood -red negative
energy particles.
The positive energy particles produced in how husband
and wife treat each other are the good elements in the original
positive energy particles of the soul. They contain the
following content values:
- When a husband and wife overcome all conflicts and
disagreements in life, they love each other and treat each
other with love, and their souls will produce green positive
energy particles.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

- When husband and wife love and sacrifice to save each
other, the souls inside will produce green positive energy
particles.
- Husband and wife teach each other about enlightened
knowledge in the scenario of the marital relationship to
practice together to eliminate toxins and activate each other's
good elements. Their tuelinhs will produce yellow positive
energy particles throu gh solidarity to spread the value of
sustainable development, which is the truth of the origin and
mission of practice in the human world.
Content group of parents treat their children:
Parents symbolise the yin and yang energy embryo, and
children symbolise the yin and yang energy particles
produced from the yin and yang embryo.
Through the relationship between parents and
children, the tuelinhs and souls can understand their toxins ,
good elements, and each other. It is through the energy
particles that are born to understand the toxins in one's yin
and yang energy embryo. Therefore, this scenario was created
by the first tuelinh to help the tuelinhs, in their role as parents,
understand themselves by understanding their children.
As you know, yin and yang energy particles are
produced from yin and yang energy embryos; they will inherit
the information value of the reaction process of that yin and
yang embryo with the external environment. Thus, if the yin
and yang embryos are toxic , the energy particles produced
are harmful particles that crystallise the toxins of the yin and
yang embryos with the toxins of the outside environment. On
the contrary, if that yin and yang embryo has a good nature,
positive energy particles will be produced, and it inherits the

good nature of that yin and yang embryo and the external
environment. Remember to recognise your toxins and good
elements through your role as parents towards your children.
In addition, the content group in the relationship
parents treat their children is to help the tuelinhs and souls
build love and responsibility. It is the practice of responsibly
producing positive energy particles containing the
informational values of love.
The harmful energy particles produced in the group of
content that parents treat their children are the toxins in the
original negative energy particle of the soul. They contain the
following content values:
- The couple decided not to have children after
marriage to enjoy a leisurely and free life. They produce a grey
negative energy particle in the soul.
- If the parents decide to abort the fetus, they will
produce a black negative energy particle of murder. There is
no reason to justify killing a fetus to prevent it from producing
harmful energy particles for that evil action.
- Parents abandon their children because they do not
have economic conditions or for any reason. They all produce
grey negative energy particles. If the act of abandoning a child
causes that child to die, they will create an additional black
negative energ y particle of the act that causes the child's
death.
- Parents who do not let their children study when they
are of school age will produce a grey negative energy particle.
- Parents scold, insult, and beat their children; they will
produce grey negative energy particles.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

- Parents put pressure on their children in study and
life. The parents will produce harmful grey energy particles.
If those pressures cause children to commit suicide, they will
produce harmful black energy particles that cause the
children's death.
- Parents who discriminate and treat their children
negatively will produce harmful energy particles with slightly
strong electric waves (light grey).
- Parents leave their sick children to die without
treatment. They will produce harmful black energy particles
that cause death to their children.
- Parents kill their children for any reason; they
produce black negative energy particles of killing.
- For some reason, if parents resent their children, they
will produce blood-red harmful energy particles.
- Parents teach their children negative knowledge and
ignorance; they will produce blood -red negative energy
particles.
The positive energy particles produced in the content
of parents towards their children are the good elements in the
original positive energy particle of the soul. They contain the
following content values:
- After a couple of marriages, they have children to
build family happiness. Both produce green positive energy
particles.
- Parents decide to have a child even if the fetus has
defects. That helps parents produce green positive energy
particles. Love and care for their sick child will help them

continue to produce positive green and fire -red energy
particles of teaching.
- Parents decide to have a child after becoming
pregnant. Even though their family has many children, their
economic situation is difficult, or their career may be affected.
That helps them produce green positive energy particles of
growth.
- The couple could not have children, so they adopted a
child. This action helps both of their souls produce green
positive energy particles. Raising and loving that child helps
them continue to produce green and fire -red positive energy
particles.
- Parents love and care for their children when they are
sick, even sacrificing their property and lives to save their
children in life-or-death situations of illness or accident. They
will produce green positive energy particles.
- Parents love, care for, and teach their children to
become good people; they will produce many fire-red positive
energy particles of teaching.
- Parents teach enlightened knowledge to their children
so they can build an enlightened life. They will produce a lot
of positive yellow energy particles of solidarity to spread
knowledge with values for sustainable development together.
Group of content about how children treat their
parents:
Parents symbolize the yin and yang energy embryo,
and children symbolize the yin and yang energy particles
produced from the yin and yang embryo.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

Through the relationship between children and their
parents, the tuelinhs and souls can understand the toxins and
good elements of themselves and each other. Particles are
created through the yin and yang energy embryo to
understand one's toxins and excell ent components.
Therefore, this scenario was created by the first tuelinh to
help the tuelinhs in their role as children to their parents and
to understand themselves through understanding their
parents.
It would help if you remembered that the smallest
energy particles are born from yin and yang embryos; they
always carry the genetic nature of yin and yang energy
embryos. Therefore, it is possible through the expression and
nature of the yin or yang energ y particle to understand the
intellectual nature of the yin and yang energy embryo.
Suppose the smallest positive energy particle is born. In that
case, we know that the yin and yang energy embryo, when
producing a positive particle, has had the victory of the
original positive particle in controlling the toxins of the
negative particle and the external environment to activate the
positive values in the original positive particle. On the
contrary, if harmful energy particles are produced, we
understand that the original negative particle has developed
toxins to control the original positive particle, and it absorbs
toxic information in the outside environment to produce
harmful particles. Remember to recognize toxins and good
factors in children's relationships with their parents.
Experiencing the scenarios in the content group of the
children treating their parents will help the tuelinhs and souls
build love and responsibility by forcing out toxins and

activating goodness elements. It is the practice of producing
positive energy particles with a children -parent relationship
content.
The harmful energy particles produced in the
children's content group towards their parents are the toxins
in the original negative energy particle of the soul. They
contain the following content values:
- Children do not listen to their parents' teachings, and
they become bad people; they produce harmful energy
particles with strong to super -strong electric waves
depending on their actions, causing harm to people, animals
and all things.
- When children refuse to study while their parents let
them study, they produce harmful energy particles with
strong electric waves.
- Children cheat their parents to get money for
entertainment, are addicted to stimulants, and play gambling;
they will produce grey harmful energy particles.
- When children insult, defame, curse, trample on
dignity, and beat their parents, they will produce grey
negative energy particles.
- Children leave their parents to find a place to practice
and do not perform the task of getting married to build family
happiness. They will produce grey harmful energy particles
and countless blood-red negative energy particles because of
practising the path of enlightenment in ignorance.
- Children leave their sick parents to die without
helping them treat them; they will produce harmful black
energy particles.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

- When children kill their parents, they will produce
harmful black energy particles.
- Children who preach ignorant and superstitious
knowledge to their parents produce blood -red harmful
energy particles.
- Children hate their parents for some reason; they will
produce blood-red harmful energy particles.
The positive energy particles produced in children's
lives towards their parents are the good elements in the
original positive energy particle of the tuelinh. They contain
the following content values:
- Children listen to their parents to become good people
and bring good values to everyone. They produce a lot of
green and fire-red positive energy particles.
- Children care for their parents when sick and ill; they
produce green positive energy particles.
- Children sacrifice their property to cure their parents'
illnesses and sacrifice themselves to save their parents in
trouble. They will produce green positive energy particles.
- When children teach enlightened knowledge to their
parents, they will produce yellow positive energy particles.
- Children practice a life of spreading enlightened
knowledge to everyone, which is the most valuable act of filial
piety that children give to their parents. It is an act of love for
humanity, and all things as their parents, and all need to
receive enlig htened wisdom. That enables the person to
produce countless energy superparticles containing the
entire content of all four Tao forms. That is the energy

superparticle of the unified Tao of the universe through the
four forms of Tao in the human world.
Group of content about how siblings in the family
treat each other:
Siblings in a family symbolize the synthetic yin and
yang energy particles outside the mature yin and yang
embryo. Those synthetic yin and yang energy particles bond
to form a strong and sustainable physical structure by
unifying the separate tasks and functions of the yin, yang, and
neutral particles to information wav es circulate for
sustainable development. Harmful energy particles represent
their toxic brothers with manifestations of selfishness, greed
and ignorance. Positive energy particles symbolize brothers
who have many good elements with manifestations of
enlightenment, spreading and giving away values with
characteristics of sustainable development.
Through the interactive relationship in the content
group of brothers and sisters with each other, the tuelinhs will
understand the toxins and good elements of themselves and
each other. The poison in all content groups in the four forms
of Tao is always l iving for selfishness for oneself, for one's
brothers, for one's spouse, one's family, one's group, one's
nation, even one's humanity without breaking the word
"one's or self" to bring sustainable development values to all
society, humanity, and all things in and out of the universe.
Toxins in this content group will cause the information waves
in the synthetic energy particle structure to be unable to
circulate. On the contrary, good elements are values that are
spread, and it has broken the word "one's or self" to bring
sustainable development benefits to brothers and sisters, to

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

society, to animals, for people, for humanity, for all things in
and out of the universe without any distinction. That is the
virtue of having the power to spread and push information
waves within the composite energy particle structure outside
the yin and yang energy embryo. Therefore, the interactive
scenario in this content group helps the tuelinhs and souls
eliminate toxins, stimulate goodness, and practice circulating
information waves in the aggregate particle structure of the
tuelinhs. It is an essen tial task because circulating
information waves in the structure will help the soul have the
power to eliminate toxins and detonate destructive energy to
produce sustainable energy particles.
In addition, in the group of sibling interaction content,
the tuelinhs and souls will build love by producing
sustainable energy particles.
The types of harmful energy particles produced in the
group of content that siblings treat each other are the toxins
in the original negative energy particle of the soul. They
contain the following content values:
- Siblings are jealous, superior or inferior and speak ill
of each other. They will produce harmful energy particles
with slightly strong electric waves.
- Siblings compete for property from their parents and
each other's property. They will produce harmful grey energy
particles.
- If siblings insult, trample on dignity, and beat each
other, they produce harmful grey energy particles.
- Siblings compete for each other's power and position.
They will produce from one to countless harmful energy

particles with strong and very strong electric waves if they
cause harm to many people later.
- When siblings kill each other, they produce harmful
black energy particles.
- Brothers and sisters teach each other ignorant
knowledge, superstitious knowledge, worship rituals, and
knowledge harmful to everyone. They will produce blood-red
negative energy particles.
- If siblings resent and hate each other, they produce
blood-red harmful energy particles.
- Brothers and sisters sabotage and hinder each other
in spreading enlightened knowledge to everyone and
humanity. They will produce countless blood -red harmful
energy particles with super strong electric waves.
The positive energy particles produced in how siblings
treat each other are the good elements in the original positive
energy particle of the soul. They contain the following content
values:
- Brothers and sisters love, care for and help each other
in times of trouble, illness and suffering. They produce green
positive energy particles.
- If siblings give each other inheritance from their
parents and give each other property, they will produce green
positive energy particles.
- Siblings sacrifice to save each other, producing green,
positive energy particles.
- Siblings teach each other knowledge to become good
people; they will produce fire-red positive energy particles.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of the Family

- Brothers and sisters teach each other enlightened
knowledge; they will produce a lot of yellow positive energy
particles.
Content group of living people treat ancestors:
This content group is also a symbol of the relationship
that builds information connection between the tuelinhs each
other. In the form of family Tao, it is the relationship of living
people with their ancestors.
This group of interactive content helps the tuelinhs
build connections between the tuelinhs in love and
responsibility for each other. It also allows them to eliminate
toxins and activate good elements in the yin and yang energy
embryo.
The harmful energy particles produced in the group of
living people treat their ancestors as the toxins in the original
negative energy particle of the soul. They contain the
following content values:
- Living people destroy graves and ancestral worship
places; they produce harmful grey energy particles. Those are
actions of disrespect to their ancestors.
- Living people curse their ancestors, curse heaven and
earth, slander the origin of humanity and the tuelinhs; they
will produce grey harmful particles.
- Living people incite conflicts and cause war; they
produce countless harmful black energy particles. That is the
poison of both national and family Tao content. As for family
form, they break the tradition of loving peace and love for
humanity.

- People live to propagate superstitions, impure rituals
and beliefs, and ignorant knowledge to everyone. That causes
them to produce blood -red harmful energy particles due to
their country's abuse of ancestral traditions, beliefs, and
religions to hurt people and society. This toxicity is related to
the toxicity of the content in the teacher-disciple Tao.
The positive energy particles produced in the lives of
living people towards their ancestors are the good elements
in the original positive energy particle of the soul. They
contain the following content values:
- Living people preserve and protect the purity of
ancestral beliefs and ancestor worship; they produce positive
energy particles of development.
- People who live to eliminate superstition, evil customs
and sacrifices, and prayer rituals will produce fire -red
positive energy particles.
- People who live to teach enlightened knowledge about
the origin of humanity and the tuelinhs, about the practice
mission and the path of a sustainable transformation in the
human world, will produce a lot of yellow positive energy
particles.
Remember, all the contents in all four forms of the Tao
are interconnected to create maximum complexity and
compression to help the tuelinhs and souls identify toxins and
remove them, then activate good elements by producing
sustainable energy particles."