Chapter Seventy-One

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through
the Form of Social Tao

"Teacher, yesterday's lecture was significant for
everyone to know clearly what energy particles will be
produced by actions for each group of interactive content.
That knowledge will help people recognize their toxins and
good elements. From there, everyone will quickly practice
producing sustainable energy particles. That lecture took up
a lot of your time, and you had to finish the lecture more than
an hour later than usual. Therefore, I didn't have a chance to
ask you. Teacher, I would like to ask a question about the
practice of generating energy particles in all forms of the Tao.
Does teaching enlightenment knowledge about each content
in all interactive scenarios help people generate the most
sustainable energy particles compared to other actions?"
After sipping hot tea, the teacher said, "That's right.
Teaching enlightened knowledge about each interactive
content in the four forms of Tao will help people understand
the origin, mission, and path of sustainable human
transformation in the human world. From there, people

learned the truth and practised sustainable energy particle
production. The energy particles produced contain the most
accurate information about sustainable development
compared to other energy particles. You must understand and
remember the information lecture is everything in and out of
the universe.
You should not be worried or afraid when you hear the
word "Tao" and quickly consider it an evil religion.
You must understand that Tao is the worldview of the
universe. The tuelinh life form must incarnate as a human to
practice and decipher the truth about that worldview. From
there, find a method to help transform the worldview of the
universe into sustainab le development. The tuelinhs must
transform their yin and yang energy embryos into energy
filters. When you accomplish that, you will understand and
attain the unified Tao of the universe.
It would help to remember that the unified Tao of the
universe is not a religion. Truth and wisdom help all things in
and out of the universe develop sustainably.
From that meaning, you will see the truth about all the
interaction scenarios in the four forms of Tao. And you will
become responsible people for your own life, that of everyone
and society. Next, you practice reforming and building all
relationships in the four forms of Tao to become effective and
beneficial to people, animals, and everything.
To attain the unifying Tao of the universe, you must
practice in the human world to eliminate toxins and produce
sustainable energy particles through activating good
elements. The four forms of Tao in life are the environment

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Social Tao

for you to understand and practice all the interactive content
well.
Thus, the Tao of the universe that I teach you is closely
linked to you in life; it is close but not far away, realistic but
not imaginary, and simple and excellent. The Tao of the
universe that I teach you is the knowledge of the smallest
energy particle, and it helps you learn how to produce the
most valuable super-energy particles to help your soul and all
things in and out of the universe become sustainable in
development."
A student immediately asked the teacher, "Teacher, to
attain the unified Tao of the universe, humans are not allowed
to break or abandon any form of Tao, right?"
The teacher replied, "That's right. People must live fully
and completely in the four forms of the Tao to eliminate toxins
and maximize good activation by producing sustainable
energy particles."
After that, the teacher continued to lecture, "You must
remember that all groups of interactive content in the four
forms of the Tao are closely linked. That is a highly incredible
scenario system that Nalas Nalanda created to help all
tuelinhs and souls e liminate all toxins and maximize the
activation of good elements to transform yin and yang energy
into an energy filter.
Now, I continue with the lecture on the unified Tao of
the universe through Social Tao.
Do you still remember the value of the form of social
Tao for the tuelinhs? That is the knowledge I preached in the
sermon on the unified Tao of the universe.

The social Tao form is valuable in helping the tuelinhs
and souls recognize and force out toxins, then activating good
factors like other forms of Tao. However, it has its unique
value in helping the tuelinhs and souls practice building
sustainable development values, building links with other life
forms, and working together to build sustainable
development values for all life forms. Please remember its
values carefully so that through all interactive content in
Social Tao, you will quickly identify toxins and excellent
elements, forcing out poisons and producing sustainable
energy particles by good elements.
Let's explore each interactive content in the social Tao
form to recognize poison factors by harmful and good
elements by positive energy particles produced by different
actions.
Content group of humans treat animals:
I remind you of the teachings of Nalas Nalanda in the
great gathering of humanity again. He told the first humans in
the human world that he assigned humans the mission to
tame animals so that they could also become humans. That
means that humans' domestic ation of animals is to help the
soul structure inside the animals encode the super complex
information values of the tuelinhs and humans. From there,
those souls are upgraded in structure and information value
through sustainable energy particles that help people. The
result they receive is that those souls are transformed into
tuelinhs. After that, they were reincarnated as humans to
practice in the human world.
As I said, the purpose of the social Tao form is that the
tuelinhs and souls work together to build sustainable

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Social Tao

development values for all life forms and link those values for
all life forms in and out of the universe. Animals are not an
exception.
Please understand that your mission in the form of
social Tao is like that, but you mistreat animals and kill
animals to satisfy your pleasure, eat and drink. So, are you
building links between life forms to sustainably develop
together or destroy them? Please remember that carefully.
The Tuelinhs want to protect and sustainably develop
all life forms in and out of the universe; they must first
practice protecting and sustainably developing life forms in
this practice environment. If they cannot do that, they will not
be able to defend themselves, let alone preserve and develop
life forms in and out of the universe. You guys continue to
remember that.
The harmful energy particles produced in the group of
people who treat animals are the toxins in the original
negative energy particle of the soul. They contain the
following content values:
- Humans imprison and beat animals, and their souls
produce grey harmful energy particles.
- Humans kill animals to become food; they will
produce a black negative energy particle of killing life for each
action of killing animal life.
- People enjoy fishing and hunting, and they produce a
lot of black negative particles.
- When humans practice slaughtering, they produce a
lot of harmful black energy particles.

- People do not slaughter but practice the trade of
animal bodies, such as cutting meat and bones; they produce
a lot of grey negative energy particles.
- People propagate to each other about the pleasures of
hunting or fishing, practising slaughtering or trading in
animal meat. They produced a lot of blood-red harmful energy
particles.
The positive energy particles produced in how humans
treat animals are excellent elements in the original positive
energy particle of the soul. They contain the following content
values:
- People domesticate and raise animals to ensure living
space, care and protection for their health and life. They will
produce green positive energy particles.
- People help animals when injured, sick, at risk of
death or being killed. They will produce green positive energy
particles.
- Humans release animals back into the wild when they
are imprisoned, abused and prepared for slaughter. They
produce a lot of green positive energy particles.
- People propagate not to kill animals, not to practice
animal slaughter. In addition, people propagate the actions
that need to be taken with animals, such as domestication and
breeding, to ensure living space and life safety for them. They
will produce m any yellow positive energy particles of the
truth about the origin and practice mission of the tuelinhs and
souls in the human world.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Social Tao

Content group of humans treat natural resources:
Natural resources include land, water, rocks, forests,
seas, mountains, and other underground resources. Natural
resources are life forms other than tuelinhs in human bodies
and souls in animals and humans. In addition, it includes both
complex energy stru ctures and soul structures with simple
intelligence residing in simple physical structures such as
trees, rocks and soil. Natural resources symbolise all things or
life forms other than humans and animals.
It would be best to remember that the tuelinhs
incarnate as humans to understand themselves and everyone
else, all things in the universe, and the energy of destruction.
Thus, understanding all things is a task that must be decoded
in the three secrets abo ve. All things are life forms in the
universe, and they were diversely built on Earth by Nalas
Nalanda to help humans practice decoding their nature.
Decoding their nature means understanding the truth about
the harmful information values and good elements within
them. Understanding everything will help the tuelinhs
understand themselves, everyone, and the energy of
destruction.
You must remember that the tuelinhs and the souls
practice in the human world to achieve the unified Tao of the
universe. When achieved, they will have the power to protect
and sustainably develop all life forms in and out of the
universe, including themse lves. They must practice in the
human world first. Thus, their mission in the human world
includes understanding all life forms, and they must protect
and sustainably develop all those life forms. Nalas Nalanda
created that as a group of content in social Tao.

The types of harmful energy particles produced in the
group of content that humans treat natural resources are the
toxins in the original negative energy particle of the soul. They
contain the following content values:
- Humans cut down forests, producing countless grey
and black harmful energy particles.
- Humans destroy mountains; they produce countless
grey and black harmful energy particles.
- People destroy the water environment, marine
environment, river, stream, pond, and lake environment
through waste discharge actions accidentally or intentionally;
they produce countless grey and black negative energy
particles.
- Humans exploit natural resources underground; they
produce countless grey and black negative energy particles.
- Humans propagate and teach each other to practice
actions that destroy life forms on earth for any reason; they
produce a lot of blood-red negative energy particles.
- All acts of destroying and propagating the destruction
of life forms on earth are killing the life of life forms, including
the destruction of the practice environment of complex
energy structures and low -intelligence souls that reside in
those life forms.
The positive energy particles produced in the group of
content that humans treat as natural resources are the good
elements in the original positive energy particle of the soul.
They contain the following content values:

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Social Tao

- People take action to protect and preserve natural
resources on earth; they produce a lot of green positive
energy particles.
- People take action to eliminate and protest the
destruction of natural resources; they produce many green
positive energy particles.
- People propagate enlightened wisdom so that
everyone can protect natural resources together; they
produce a lot of yellow positive energy particles.
Group of content employees treat employers:
This group of interactive content helps the tuelinhs and
souls learn how to build and develop sustainable values. That
is, through the content group in the employee's relationship
with the employer, the employee will learn the experience,
wisdom, and ethical values of the employer in building and
operating the business to survive and develop. This group of
interactive content is a practical environment to help the
tuelinhs and souls learn most effectively. The mission of the
tuelinhs after completing their practice path in the human
world is to operate life forms in and outside the universe to
develop sustainably, so learning how to manage these values
of sustainable development is their essential mission.
This group of interactive content also helps the tuelinhs
and souls recognize and eliminate their toxins, followed by
producing sustainable energy particles through maximum
activation of good elements within them. That is the task that
always exists in each interactive content of the four forms of
Tao.

In addition, this group of interactive content also helps
the tuelinhs and souls build connections and solidarity to
build and develop sustainable values together. It is through
interaction between workers and employees that tasks are
completed. You must u nderstand that the task of building
cohesion and solidarity between the tuelinhs is always
present in all interactive content of the four forms of Tao. It is
critical for the tuelinhs to have love and responsibility to
develop sustainably together.
The types of harmful energy particles produced in the
content group of employees treat employers as the toxins in
the original negative energy particle of the soul. They contain
the following content values:
- Workers cause conflicts, insults, trample on dignity,
and beat and riot with each other in the workplace. They
produce harmful grey energy particles through actions that
hurt each other and affect the employer's working
environment.
- Workers kill each other in the workplace, producing
harmful black energy particles. Those are energy particles
produced by people killing each other and affecting the
employer's production and working environment.
- Workers steal the employer's property; they produce
grey negative energy particles.
- Workers who are lazy at work and avoid performing
work duties in the labour contract signed with the employer.
They produce grey negative energy particles.
- Workers curse, insult their dignity, and assault their
employers; they produce grey negative energy particles.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Social Tao

- Workers sabotage the employer's work tools,
machinery, and production equipment, producing grey
harmful energy particles.
- Workers who kill their employers will produce
harmful black energy particles.
- Workers propagate and incite other workers to
sabotage the employer's factory and production site; they
produce blood-red negative energy particles.
The positive energy particles produced in the content
group of employees treat the employer as the good elements
in the original positive energy particle of the soul. They
contain the following content values:
- Employees fulfil their duties at work well, and those
duties do not cause harm to people, animals, and living things;
they produce green positive energy particles.
- Workers find and invent production methods that
bring greater efficiency and productivity at work; they
produce green positive energy particles.
- Employees help, connect, and unite with each other to
complete their work well and bring good values to employers
and society. They produce green positive energy particles.
- Workers protect property, production materials, and
machinery at the production site from theft and destruction
by other workers or people. They produce green positive
energy particles.
- Employees protect and help employers when they are
in trouble that endangers their health and life. They produce
green positive energy particles.

- Workers teach each other about enlightened wisdom
in the relationship between workers and employers so that
they can mutually understand and work enthusiastically in
production. They will produce yellow energy particles of
solidarity to spread the values of sustainable development to
everyone. These are the energy particles of enlightenment
and the practice of producing sustainable energy particles.
Research, invention, production, and business
content group:
This content group includes various interactive content
such as research, invention, production, and business. Still, it
shares a standard content value of finding and creating values
for sustainable development for all people, animals, and all
things.
This content group is valuable in helping the tuelinhs
and souls explore and create sustainable development values
for themselves and all life forms in and outside the universe.
They must practice in the human world and study and
practice in an environment like workers first. That process
helps them cultivate wisdom from the environment, animals,
and everything, as well as people practising research,
invention, production, and business. After the tuelinhs and
souls learn and cultivate wisdom, they research, invent,
produce, and trade values that bring sustainable development
to people, animals, and all things.
You must remember that the tuelinhs must build for
themselves a type of intelligence capable of creating
sustainable development values for all life forms in and
outside the universe. Therefore, when practising in the
human world, their research, invention s, production, and

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Social Tao

business must create values with sustainable development
characteristics for people, animals, and everything. If they do
so, they will succeed in creating values that bring sustainable
development to all things in and outside the universe. On the
contrary, if they develop values that harm people, animals,
and all things in the human world, they will not be able to
create values of sustainable development for all things in and
outside the universe.
Thus, through research, invention, production, and
business content, the tuelinhs can create sustainable
development values and give those values to all life in and out
of the universe. In addition, through this content group, they
will practice eliminating toxins and activating good elements
in actions that produce energy particles.
The harmful energy particles produced in the group of
research, invention, production, and business content are the
toxins in the original negative energy particle of the soul. They
contain the following content values:
- People who research, invent, produce, and trade foods
that are harmful to the health and life of humans and animals.
They produce many grey and black energy particles.
- People who research, invent, produce, and trade
stimulants and addictive substances that are harmful to
human health and life. They produce many grey and black
energy particles.
- People who research, invent, produce, and trade in
killing animals. They create a lot of grey and black harmful
energy particles.

- People who research, invent, produce, and trade fake
and toxic drugs that are harmful to human health and life.
They create a lot of grey and black energy particles.
- People who research, invent, produce, and trade
natural resources such as forests, rocky mountains, and
underground minerals. They create a lot of grey and black
energy particles.
- Those who research, invent, produce, and sell
weapons and means of killing. They make a lot of grey and
black energy particles.
- People who research, invent, produce, and trade
products that harm the health and life of humans and animals.
They create a lot of grey and black energy particles.
- People who research, invent, produce, and sell
products prohibited by national law and production and
business activities that do not comply with national laws, such
as tax evasion and smuggling. They will produce a lot of grey
energy particles.
- Those who research, invent, produce, and do business
defraud people for profit; they create a lot of grey negative
energy particles. If those actions have fatal consequences,
they will produce black negative energy particles.
- Those who transfer technology and models that have
been researched, invented, produced, and are doing business
are harmful to the health and life of humans and animals. They
created a lot of grey, black, and blood-red energy particles.
- Those who propagate and promote values, products,
and goods that harm human health and life. They produce a
lot of blood-red yin energy particles.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Social Tao

- Those who research, invent, produce, and trade
knowledge harmful to humans, animals, and everything. They
create a lot of blood-red energy particles.
The positive energy particles produced in research,
invention, production, and business content are excellent
elements in the original positive energy particle of the soul.
They contain the following content values:
- Those who research, invent, produce, and sell
products and methods for protecting natural resources. They
make a lot of green positive energy particles.
- Those who research, invent, produce, and sell
products that protect the health and lives of animals. They
create a lot of green positive energy particles.
- Those who research, invent, produce, and sell valuable
products that protect human health and life. They make a lot
of green positive energy particles.
- Those who research, invent, produce, and sell valuable
products that support and help people have a better life. They
create a lot of green energy particles.
- Those who research, invent, produce, and sell
products in compliance with national laws and bring benefits
to people, animals, and all things. They make a lot of green
positive energy particles.
- Those who research, invent, produce, and trade
knowledge that develops people and society. They make a lot
of green and fire-red positive energy particles.
- People who together propagate and promote
research, inventions, and products of good value for humans,

animals, and all things. They produce a lot of yellow positive
energy particles.
- Those who teach each other enlightened knowledge
about research, invention, production, and business. They
produce a lot of yellow positive energy particles.
Content group of employers treat employees:
This content group helps the tuelinhs and souls learn
and practice methods of building connections between them
together in deploying and developing sustainable values for
all things in and outside the universe. It means that when the
tuelinhs and souls tr ain as workers, as cultivators of
knowledge, and as people who explore, research, and invent
sustainable development values, they have achieved and are
implementing them. To apply those sustainable development
values to all life forms in and out of the universe to attain the
best results, they must be able to operate the factors
participating in applying those values. It is to manage the
tuelinhs and other souls in solidarity to operate the values of
sustainable development together for all life forms in and
outside the universe.
For the tuelinhs to complete their mission of bringing
sustainable development values to all life forms in and
outside the universe, they must practice in production and
business environments. That is, they will act as employers
and must build the best rel ationship with employees. You
must remember that they must make the best relationship
with workers to operate sustainable development values, not
exploit and oppress workers.
In addition, through this group of script content, the
tuelinhs and souls will identify and eliminate their toxins,

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Social Tao

promoting the process of producing sustainable energy
particles from good elements.
The types of harmful energy particles produced in the
content group of employers treat workers as the toxins in the
original negative energy particle of the soul. They contain the
following content values:
- Employers ignore and care about workers' lives and
working conditions; they produce grey energy particles.
- Employers exploit labour and do not pay workers fair
wages. They produce grey energy particles.
- Employers force and force others to become their
employees. They produce many grey and black energy
particles.
- Employers do not pay wages to workers. They
produce many grey and black energy particles.
- The employer curses, insults the dignity and beats the
employee. They produce grey energy particles.
- Employers oppress and kill workers. They produce
black energy particles.
- Employers propagate to each other methods of
exploiting labour and methods of oppressing workers. They
produce a lot of blood-red negative energy particles.
The positive energy particles produced in the content
of the employers who treat employees are the good elements
in the original positive energy particle of the soul. They
contain the following content values:
- Employers care and take good care of their employees'
lives and working conditions. They produce green positive
energy particles.

- The employer does not exploit labour, abuse workers,
or insult or trample on the dignity of workers. On the
contrary, they care about and help workers ensure their lives
from the salary they receive. They will produce many green
positive energy particles.
- The employer helps and saves the employee under
challenging situations. They produce green positive energy
particles.
- The employer helps and teaches the workers
experience and knowledge about production and business.
They produce fire-red positive energy particles.
- Employers teach enlightened knowledge to
employees about the content of interactions in the
relationship between employees and employers. They
produce many yellow positive energy particles. These are
positive energy particles of the truth about the origi n and
mission of practice in the human world and the path of
practice that produces sustainable energy particles.
Group of content about how people of the
opposite sex treat each other:
The tuelinhs and souls must learn how to treat other
tuelinhs and souls when they differ in the value of the internal
particle structure. It is about caring and helping each other,
but they must respect each other. They must practice
scenarios of interactions between people of the opposite sex
towards each other to learn and build the ability to relate
respectfully.
In addition, through this group of interactive content,
the tuelinhs and souls can identify toxins and eliminate them,

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Social Tao

followed by maximum activation of good elements by
producing sustainable energy particles.
The harmful energy particles produced in the
interaction between people of the opposite sex are the toxins
in the original negative energy particle of the soul. They
contain the following content values:
- People comment, discriminate, and insult each other's
gender. They produce grey harmful energy particles.
- People of the opposite sex behave rudely and use
obscene or lustful language towards each other. They produce
grey energy particles. It is the energy particle of toxic
information.
- When people of the opposite sex commit adultery
when one of them is married, they produce grey harmful
energy particles.
- People groping, sexually abusing, and coercing people
of the opposite sex. They will produce grey energy particles.
- People take advantage of their positions at work to
grope and sexually abuse. They produce grey negative energy
particles.
- People buy or sell sex or broker sex. They will produce
grey energy particles.
- People propagate and promote depraved and lustful
cultural products between people of the opposite sex or the
same sex. They will produce many blood-red negative energy
particles.
The positive energy particles produced in interactions
between people of the opposite sex are the excellent elements

in the original positive energy particle of the soul. They
contain the following content values:
- People help people of the opposite sex in work and life
with respect and ethical standards. They produce green
positive energy particles.
- People protect people of the opposite sex when they
are groped, raped, or sexually abused. They produce green
positive energy particles.
- People will produce fire-red positive energy particles
when they propagate and eliminate prostitution, sexual
abuse, and adultery.
- When people practice spreading enlightened
knowledge to everyone about the content of interactions in
the scenario between people of the opposite sex. They will
produce yellow energy particles.
Group of love content between men and women:
When a man and woman reach the age of love but are
not yet of marriage age and have not decided to get married,
their interaction content belongs to the group of interaction
content in love between man and woman.
As you know, men represent positive energy particles,
and women represent negative energy particles. The
existence of men and women in the human world creates a
particular type of interaction: to marry each other to form
husband and wife and give birth to children to develop
humanity. It symbolises the formation and development of an
embryo of yin and yang energy, becoming more prominent
and robust physical structures. You also know that only
negative particles bond with positive particles to become yin

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Social Tao

and yang embryos. It means that only a man and a woman
love each other to become husband and wife.
The content scenarios in the love of men and women
help the tuelinhs and souls understand the nature and
transformation mechanism of information values in the
negative, positive, and neutral energy particles. From there,
they will realise the truth of them selves, all things in the
universe, and the energy of destruction.
In addition, through a group of interactive content in
love between men and women, the tuelinhs and souls identify
and eliminate toxins within them, activating good elements
through producing sustainable energy particles.
The types of harmful energy particles produced in the
group of interactions in love between men and women are the
toxins in the original negative energy particle of the soul. They
contain the following content values:
- Same-sex love, like between a man and a man and a
woman and a woman, will produce grey energy particles.
- Boy or girl takes advantage of the love between men
and women to satisfy their desires without aiming for
marriage. They produce grey energy particles.
- A man or woman loves many people and has sexual
relations with them. That person produces grey energy
particles.
- A woman becomes pregnant in love but decides to
have an abortion. That person produces a black negative
energy particle.

- A man gets a woman pregnant and forces her lover to
have an abortion, both of which produce black energy
particles.
- A man makes a woman pregnant but is not
responsible for marrying and loving the woman. That person
produces grey energy particles.
- In love, when one of the two people mentally or
physically abuses each other, they produce grey energy
particles.
- In love, if one kills the other, that person will produce
a black negative energy particle.
- When they love each other, but for some reason, they
invite each other to commit suicide. They produce black
energy particles.
- People propagate negative ideas about love between
men and women. They will produce blood -red energy
particles.
The positive energy particles produced in the group of
interactions in love between men and women are excellent
elements in the original positive energy particle of the soul.
They contain the following content values:
- In love, people respect and protect each other's
virtues, producing green, positive energy particles.
- In love, they do not take advantage to satisfy their
desires; instead, they decide to get married. That helps them
produce green positive energy particles.
- When their lover gets pregnant, they marry and love
each other. That helps them produce green positive energy
particles.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Social Tao

- In love, a woman decides to give birth when she
becomes pregnant, regardless of whether the man agrees to
get married or not. That helps the woman's soul produce a
green positive energy particle.
- The love between a man and a woman is pure, and
they protect each other to get married together; they produce
a green energy particle.
- When they love each other, they help, even sacrifice
for each other when one is in trouble and their lives are in
danger. Their souls produce green positive energy particles.
- Everyone teaches each other about the wisdom of
enlightenment in the love interaction between men and
women. They produce yellow positive energy particles.
Human trafficking content group:
The tuelinhs want to create sustainable development
values for all life forms in and outside the universe; they must
first create sustainable development values for themselves
and their life forms. Human trafficking content will help them
develop responses to practice sustainable energy particle
production in that content.
In addition, through the human trafficking content
group, the tuelinhs and souls become aware of their toxins
and eliminate them. Next comes the practice of generating
sustainable energy particles by activating their inner
goodness.
The negative energy particles produced in human
trafficking content are the toxins in the original negative
energy particle of the soul. They contain the following content
values:

- People who commit acts of buying and selling people
such as infants, children, women, and enslaved people. They
produce black energy particles and lots of grey energy
particles.
- People who kidnap people for ransom or to sell them.
They produce black energy particles and many grey energy
particles.
- Brokers for others to commit human trafficking. They
produce grey and black energy particles.
- People who know the trafficking activities of human
traffickers but do not rescue or report to the authorities for
rescue. They produce many grey energy particles.
- People who perform brokerage acts, buying and
selling people for organ harvesting. They produce a lot of
black and grey energy particles.
- People participating in the process of harvesting
organs from trafficked people. They produce a lot of black
energy particles. Those are negative energy particles
produced by people killing and destroying others.
- Propagandists and promoters to provide human
organs to people who need organ replacements. They
produce blood-red energy particles.
The positive energy particles produced in the group of
human trafficking content are excellent elements in the
original positive energy particle of the soul. They contain the
following content values:
- People who rescue or report to the authorities to
rescue people trafficked by human traffickers. They produce
many green positive energy particles.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Social Tao

- People who participate in rescuing or reporting to the
authorities to rescue kidnapped people from kidnappers
successfully. They produce green positive energy particles.
- People who participate in rescuing or reporting to the
authorities to successfully rescue people who are about to be
harvested for organs from human trafficking. They produce
green positive energy particles.
- Those who propagate and eliminate human trafficking
in the community and society so that everyone can fight those
cruel acts together. They produce yellow positive energy
particles.
- People who preach enlightened knowledge to each
other in the human trafficking content group. They produce
yellow energy particles.
The human content group treats people in social
and work relationships:
This content group has a variety of interactive content.
However, they share the same informational value to help the
tuelinhs and souls learn lessons, which is how they treat each
other. In addition, this content group helps the tuelinhs to
remove toxins and activate their good factors.
The negative energy particles produced in how people
treat each other in social and work relationships are the
toxins in the original negative energy particle of the soul. They
contain the following content values:
- People insult, defame, distort, slander, harm, and
abuse each other. They produce grey energy particles.

- Young people do not respect older people when they
behave disrespectfully towards older people. They produce
grey energy particles.
- Older people do not respect young people when they
use disrespectful words and actions towards them. They
produce grey energy particles.
- People fight, insult, and curse each other when they
collide or conflict. They produce grey energy particles.
- People slander and harm each other at work. They
produce grey energy particles.
- People who have actions and words that discriminate
against others by race, ethnicity and religion. They produce
grey energy particles.
- People lie and deceive each other to benefit
themselves at work and in relationships in life. They produce
grey energy particles.
- People assault and kill others. They produce black
energy particles.
- People abandon people in distress, people whose lives
are in danger. They produce grey and black energy particles.
- People create groups of people to defame and trample
on other people's dignity. They produce blood -red negative
energy particles.
The positive energy particles produced in the group of
content that people interact with each other in society and at
work are the good elements in the original positive energy
particle of the soul. They contain the following content values:

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Social Tao

- There are people who help people in distress, people
whose lives are in danger. They produce green positive
energy particles.
- People who help and protect others from acts of
violence and murder. They produce green positive energy
particles.
- People who know how to respect older and younger
people and behave correctly with everyone around them to
build moral values. They produce green positive energy
particles.
- People who know how to protect and help people who
are abused both mentally and physically by someone, by
groups of people who speak ill of them. They produce green
positive energy particles.
- People who can yield and take losses in societal
conflicts or at work. They produce green positive energy
particles.
- People who know how to protect people
discriminated against by race, ethnicity, or religion and how
to unite to help those discriminated against. They produce
yellow positive energy particles.
- People who teach each other about the wisdom of
enlightenment in how people treat each other. They produce
yellow energy particles.
Sexual content group:
This group of content helps the tuelinhs and souls
recognize toxins to eliminate and good elements to activate.
In addition, through this group, they also recognize the toxins

and good aspects of the external environment, other tuelinhs,
and even the energy of destruction.
The harmful energy particles produced during the
sexual content group are the toxins in the original negative
energy particle of the soul. They contain the following content
values:
- People who commit acts of paedophilia or rape others,
whether of the same or opposite sex, produce grey and black
energy particles.
- People who engage in prostitution produce a lot of
grey energy particles.
- People who buy sex produce a grey negative energy
particle each time they perform that act.
- People who engage in prostitution produce grey and
black energy particles.
- People who broker prostitution produce a lot of grey
and black energy particles.
- People who have homosexual sex produce grey
energy particles.
- People who use benefits at work to coerce or rape
others. They produce grey and black energy particles.
- People who use money and grades to satisfy sex from
students. They produce grey and black energy particles.
- People who have sex with another person while one
of them is in a married state. They produce grey negative
energy particles.
- People who commit adultery when one or both of
them are in a married state. They produce grey energy
particles.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Social Tao

- People who traffic in sex slaves force or force others
to be sex slaves. They produce a lot of black and grey energy
particles.
- Those who propagate same-sex love, transgenderism,
and prostitution. They produce blood-red energy particles.
The positive energy particles produced in the sexual
content group are the good elements in the original positive
energy particle of the soul. They contain the following content
values:
- People who are practising prostitution, prostitution
brokerage, and prostitution business then give up that; next,
they become people who share and help others not to practice
prostitution firms and behaviours. That helps them stop
producing harmful ener gy particles, and they produce fire -
red positive energy particles instead.
- People who are drawn into adulterous relationships
and prostitution, but they do not fall and do not commit those
acts to continue building family happiness. That helps them
produce green positive energy particles.
- People who liberate and rescue those who are
sexually enslaved. They produce many green positive energy
particles.
- Those who advise and help those who have gone
astray in adulterous relationships to return to being good
people and living ethical standards. They produce fire -red
positive energy particles.
- People who help people who are infected with toxic
information from the social environment and have
transgender or same -sex love to return to the gender their

parents were born with. They produce fire -red positive
energy particles.
- People who used to live in same -sex love have come
back to live their lives according to the gender that their
parents were born as. They will produce green and fire -red
positive energy particles if they help others with same -sex
love return to the correct gender they were born with.
- Those who preach enlightened knowledge about the
sexual content group to everyone. They produce yellow
positive energy particles.
Start-up and livelihood content group:
This group of content helps the tuelinhs and souls learn
how to create sustainable development values for themselves
and others. At the same time, it allows them to recognize and
eliminate toxins, then activates good elements through
actions that produce sustainable energy particles.
The negative energy particles produced in the content
group of starting a business and making a living are the toxins
in the original negative energy particle of the soul. They
contain the following content values:
- People who reach working age to earn money to take
care of themselves and their families but do not work and
instead rely on their parents and family. They produce grey
energy particles. Those are energy particles of laziness.
- People who commit theft or robbery. They produce
grey and black energy particles.
- People who start a business and make a living
defrauding people to appropriate their property. That person
produces black and grey energy particles.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Social Tao

- People who start a business and make a living by
gambling. They produce grey energy particles.
- People who start a business and make a living by
slaughtering animals, hunting, and trading animal meat. They
produce a lot of grey and black energy particles.
- People who start a business and make a living by
doing jobs that destroy natural resources. They produce black
and grey energy particles.
- People who start a business and make a living through
jobs that violate national laws, causing harm to the health and
life of people and animals. They will produce many black and
grey energy particles.
- People who start a business and make a living through
the business of harmful addictive stimulants, prostitution
business, human trafficking business, human organ
trafficking business. They will produce many grey and black
energy particles.
- People who start a business and do business by
lending money at high -interest rates over legal regulations
and using violence to collect a debt. They produce a lot of grey
and black energy particles.
- People who start a business and make a living by
teaching false knowledge and causing harm to everyone. They
produce many grey, black, and blood -red negative energy
particles.
The positive energy particles produced in the content
group of starting a business and making a living are the good
elements in the original positive energy particle of the soul.
They contain the following content values:

- People who start businesses and sell products in
compliance with national laws and do not harm the health and
life of humans and animals. They produce many green
positive energy particles.
- People who start businesses and sell products that
benefit people, animals and natural resources. They produce
many green positive energy particles.
- People who start businesses and businesses benefit
themselves, their families, people, countries, animals, and
everything. They produce green positive energy particles.
- People who start a business and make a living create
many jobs for workers. They will produce many green
positive energy particles if it is a work that complies with
national laws and benefits people, animals and all things.
- People who preach to each other about enlightened
wisdom in starting a business and making a living will
produce many yellow positive energy particles.
Group content of relationships with friends and
colleagues:
This content group will help the tuelinhs and souls
connect and be responsible with each other to unite to build
and spread the values of sustainable development to all life
forms in and outside the universe. In addition, it also helps
them recognize the t oxins and good elements of themselves,
each other, and all things in and out of the universe.
The negative energy particles produced in the content
group of relationships with friends and colleagues are the
toxins in the original negative energy particle of the soul. They
contain the following content values:

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Social Tao

- Friends or colleagues entice each other to indulge in
debauchery, use addictive stimulants that are harmful to
health, buy and sell sex, and commit adultery. They will
produce grey and black energy particles.
- Friends or colleagues invite each other to become
thieves, robbers, and scammers. They produce grey and black
energy particles.
- Friends or colleagues invite each other to do business
and produce products that violate national laws or harm
human health, animals, and everything. They will produce
black and grey energy particles.
- Friends or colleagues defame, insult, trample on
dignity, assault, harm, and deceive each other. They produce
grey energy particles.
- When friends or colleagues kill each other, they
produce black energy particles.
The positive energy particles produced in the content
group of relationships with friends and colleagues are
excellent elements in the original positive energy particle of
the soul. They contain the following content values:
- Friends or colleagues help each other when
encountering difficulties, tribulations, and life -threatening
dangers. They produce green positive energy particles.
- Friends or colleagues help each other overcome
mistakes and sins to become good people. They will produce
green and fire-red positive energy particles.
- Friends or colleagues help each other develop
economically and maintain family happiness. They will
produce green and fire-red positive energy particles.

- Friends or colleagues teach each other about
enlightened knowledge within the content of the relationship
between friends and colleagues. They will produce many
yellow positive energy particles.
Group of content related to human health and life:
This group of content helps the tuelinhs and souls build
methods to protect and develop sustainable life for
themselves and other life forms. In addition, it also allows
them to identify toxins and good elements of themselves and
all life forms in and outs ide the universe. Next, they learn to
practice forcing out toxins and activating good factors.
The negative energy particles produced in the content
group related to human health and life are the toxins in the
original negative energy particle of the soul. They contain the
following content values:
- Someone insults the dignity, defames, or beats
another person, affecting that person's spirit and health. They
produce grey energy particles.
- People who kill others for any reason. They produce
black energy particles.
- People who commit suicide produce black energy
particles.
- People who propagate or incite others to commit
suicide or kill others. They produce black energy particles.
- People who produce fake products, foods, poisons,
and medicines that affect human health and life. They will
produce black energy particles.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Social Tao

- People who incite religious conflicts and ethnic
conflicts that lead to people killing each other. They produce
many black and blood-red energy particles.
- People who take advantage of their role as doctors or
medical professionals to provide or sell fake or poor -quality
drugs, causing deaths when people are sick or during
epidemics. They produce many grey and black energy
particles.
- Physicians and doctors who take advantage of
dangerous diseases that cannot be cured to profit from
treatment fees from patients while they are not cured. Those
people will produce many black energy particles.
- People who research and create viruses that cause
deadly diseases, biological weapons, and deadly weapons to
profit and cause death to people. They produce many black
energy particles.
- People who incite and wage war. They produce
countless black and blood-red energy particles.
- People who kill people in war. They produce black
energy particles.
The positive energy particles produced in the content
group related to human health and life are the good elements
in the original positive energy particle of the soul. They
contain the following content values:
- People who help others when distressed, sick, or at
risk to their health or life. They will produce green positive
energy particles.
- People who produce products that support and help
patients. They produce positive green energy particles.

- People who help and save others in war. They produce
green positive energy particles.
- People who work to treat patients produce positive
green energy particles.
- People who help and prevent people from committing
suicide. They produce green positive energy particles.
- Those who invent, create, and produce drugs and
vaccines to help and cure people. They produce green positive
energy particles.
- People who do not allow war when conflicts exist
between peoples, countries, and religions. They produce
countless blue, fire-red and yellow positive energy particles.
- People who teach each other enlightened wisdom on
content related to human health and life. They will produce
many yellow positive energy particles. Those are positive
energy particles of good elements that contain the truth about
the origin, the task of cultivating in the human world, and the
practice method of producing sustainable energy particles.
Thus, you have recognized toxins and good elements
through actions that produce different yin and yang energy
particles in all interactions in the social form. It would help if
you remembered that there are countless interaction
scenarios in life in general and social Tao in particular.
Therefore, you should group them into content groups in each
form of Tao to understand their poisonous and good nature."