Chapter Seventy-Two

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through
the Form of the National Tao

"Do you still remember the value of the national form
of Tao that I preached in the sermon on the unified Tao of the
universe?" The Teacher asked the students when class
started.
Then, a student replied, "Teacher, through the form of
the national Tao, the tuelinhs will produce enough energy
particles with special functions and tasks. When achieved,
they will have the power to unite all tuelinhs in reverence to
the great Father of t he universe, the first tuelinh (God,
Buddha, Nalas Nalanda). In addition, the tuelinhs unite in
respect and responsibility to build, protect, and sustainably
develop all forms of life in and outside the universe."
After sipping hot tea, he put the teacup on the table and
stood up. The Teacher looked at that student and everyone in
the classroom. A radiant and satisfied expression appeared on
the Teacher's face.
He said, "I am very proud of you and all of you. Since I
upgraded my knowledge of the two truths by understanding

the smallest energy particle and the information values inside
the energy particle, the learners have extensively understood
all that I preached. It is terrific because you can think about
the knowledge of energy particles and apply it to spreading.
The pr oof is that you have helped many people overcome
suffering and tribulations, and many mentally ill people have
entirely recovered. In particular, you have become very
confident and convincing preachers of the knowledge of the
unified Tao of the universe to everyone.
Do you know? When you have the wisdom of energy
particles, especially the accurate information values inside all
types of energy particles in and out of the universe, you
thoroughly understand the knowledge of the two truths and
their operating mechanisms. That means that you have the
luggage and the most miraculous means to demonstrate to
humanity that the unified Tao of the universe is in the four
forms of Tao. From then on, people worldwide will believe
and practice the unified Tao of the universe : elimi nating
toxins and activating good elements through a mechanism to
produce sustainable energy particles.
In today's lecture, I continue to teach you to understand
the unified Tao of the universe through the form of national
Tao.
Like the male student's answer, that is correct
according to what you have learned. That is an excellent, even
more astounding thing when you and everyone else try to
remember what I preach in today's lecture.
My dear friends, let me further explain the values that
the form of national Tao brings to the tuelinhs and souls.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of the National Tao

The national Tao is the relationship of those working in
a country's management and operation apparatus to the
people and all natural resources within that territory, such as
water, rivers, mountains, land territories, seas, and airspace.
It is the relatio nship of all the country's people to those
working in the national management and leadership
apparatus and the country's natural resources. Thus, it is the
relationship of all people and those working in the national
management apparatus towards each other and the natural
resources in their country.
Do you know what the national Tao symbolizes? It is
the symbol of all life in the universe. As follows:
- National territory is a symbol of the entire space of the
universe.
- People who work in the national management and
leadership apparatus are symbols of the most excellent
tuelinhs and the first tuelinh who are building, protecting, and
developing the universe's life.
- All the people in a country symbolize all tuelinhs in the
universe.
- All a country's natural resources symbolize all life
forms in the universe.
- The territory outside a country symbolizes the space
outside the universe, which is the living space of destructive
energy and ancestral wave-particles.
You must understand that many countries are in the
world; it is not a symbol of many universes. You must
remember that there is only one universe and that outside the
giant cosmic sphere is an endless space containing only

destructive energy particles and wave-particles. Having many
countries helps tuelinhs have the opportunity to practice the
interactive content of the national form of Tao in groups; that
is, they can play the role of managers and leaders of the
country.
Thus, through the form of national Tao, the tuelinhs and
souls learn and practice the ability to unite all of them
responsibly to protect, build and sustainably develop all
forms of life in and out of the universe. It is a responsible
solidarity in reverence for the first tuelinh and respect
between tuelinhs and each other.
To help the tuelinhs carry out that mission, they must
practice the national Tao's contents. That means all people in
a country must respect the law and those in charge of
management and leadership. On the contrary, leaders must
respect the people. All must unite in respect to protect, build,
and sustainably develop all natural resources in that country.
Of course, it must include the entire population of the country.
In addition, through the form of the national Tao, the
tuelinhs and souls identify their toxins and eliminate them,
activating good elements through practising sustainable
energy particle production. That also means they will
understand their own and each other's nature, all things and
the energy of destruction.
Now, we continue to explore the interactive content in
the national Tao to recognize toxins and good elements
through actions that produce energy particles.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of the National Tao

Content group of the head of state for all people
and national territory:
Do you know? In the journey of building and developing
life forms in the universe, the first tuelinh will create many
different life forms throughout the planets. At that time, he
will send many tuelinhs to those planets to operate and
develop those life forms to become more sustainable.
Therefore, he needs tuelinhs capable of leading the tuelinhs
and all life forms on each planet.
To help the tuelinhs carry out that mission, they will
experience and practice in the role of a country's highest
leader. That will help them build the wisdom of a king, ruler
and country leader.
Through interactive content as the highest leader of the
nation towards the entire territory and people of the country,
the tuelinhs understand the sacrifices, hardships, pressures,
and dedication of the first tuelinh in the role of Father, the
leader who operates all life forms in the universe. From there,
all tuelinhs and souls have the understanding and
responsibility to unite in respect for each other to join the
Father of the universe in protecting, building and developing
the universe's life.
In addition, through this interactive content, they will
recognize and eliminate their toxins, activating good elements
by producing sustainable energy particles.
You need to know that every tuelinh is performed as a
leader. However, they are the top leaders of local units or in
fields ranging from small to very large in scale. The tuelinhs
must have exceptional intelligence in calling, leading, and

managing the people to take on a country's leadership role,
whether they implement the mechanism to produce negative
or positive energy particles.
Remember, do not just because you see a leader of a
specific country start a war, causing many deaths for the
people, that you think God is not merciful and does not save
the people while they believed and followed him. It would
help if you remembered that in the practice environment in
the human world, the tuelinh living inside the body is to
experience all interaction scenarios with maximum
compression and pressure. From there, they can understand
the nature of themselves and others, all things in the universe
and the energy of destruction. Wars, epidemics, and natural
disasters cause the environment to reach its peak of suffering.
It would help to look at the truth inside the human body, the
tuelinh or the soul. Therefore, we need to evaluate everything
from its origin, mission, nature, and the path to achieving that
mission. That means that the leader who creates war is a
crime; it is a crime because of their toxicity. You can condemn
that crime and poison, but you should not hate or resent that
person and the soul of that person. Please build for yourself
love and altruism towards all tuelinhs, and all life forms in and
outside the universe. That means I want you to have love and
compassion for all life forms, including destructive energy.
Understanding a nd achieving this, you have attained
enlightened wisdom.
The negative energy particles produced in the content
group of the head of the country towards the entire
population and territory are toxins in the original negative

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of the National Tao

energy particle of the soul. They contain the following content
values:
- The head of state allows the country to be invaded by
another country, lets the people be killed, lets the natural
resources be plundered, and lets the people have to live in the
suffering of war. That person produced countless grey, black,
and blood-red energy particles. Those are energy particles of
letting the people of one's own country die and causing the
deaths of people of other countries.
- The head of a country causes conflicts, incites, and
wages war with other countries. They will produce countless
grey, black, and blood-red energy particles. Those are energy
particles that kill one's people and people of different
countries.
- The head of a country, for economic benefit or being
influenced by another country, sends troops as mercenaries
in wars and conflicts. That person will produce countless grey
and black negative energy particles.
- The head of state allows their country to experience
ethnic conflicts and religious conflicts, leading to civil war
violence, causing many deaths. That person produced a lot of
grey, black, and blood-red energy particles.
- The head of state allows his country to have terrorist
groups, and they cause many people of their country and
people of other countries to die. That person also produces
many grey and black energy particles.
- The head of the country obtained that position
through the act of overthrowing the old government by
violence, by coup, by war, and that person caused many

people to die. That person produces a lot of grey and black
negative energy particles.
- The head of state allows their country to be isolated
and embargoed by other countries, which causes the country
to become poor and the people to suffer. That leader
produced a lot of grey, black, and blood -red negative energy
particles.
- The head of state implements policies to exploit and
destroy natural resources, such as forests, mountains, and
underground minerals. That person produces many grey and
black energy particles.
- The head of state lets people die in epidemics, lets
people live in poverty, and lets people die and get hurt in
natural disasters such as storms, tsunamis, earthquakes,
volcanic eruptions, droughts, and floods. That person
produces many grey, black, and blood-red energy particles.
- The head of state allows embezzlement, corruption,
position manipulation and power manipulation by leaders
and managers at all levels and fields. That person produced
countless grey energy particles.
- The head of state does not help people have a
prosperous and happy life; the country's economy develops
sustainably, and security and defence are strong. That person
produced a lot of grey energy particles.
- The head of the country lets his relatives, wife or
husband control him and uses people without talent and
virtue to lead in high positions. That person produces many
grey and black energy particles.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of the National Tao

- The head of a country allows his relatives to influence
him to implement policies and force his subordinates to
perform tasks to benefit that head's individual, family, and
interest groups. They produce many grey, black, and blood -
red energy particles.
- The leader promulgates policies to oppress the
people, exploit the people's labour and property, and prohibit
freedom and democracy. That leader produced countless
grey, black, and blood-red energy particles.
- The leaders take advantage of religion and beliefs to
confuse the people. That makes people immersed in
superstition. It caused that leader to produce countless blood-
red energy particles.
- The leader who develops and propagates policies
hostile to the nation and other countries. That person
produced a lot of blood-red energy particles.
The positive energy particles produced in the content
group of the head of state towards the people and national
territory are the good elements in the original positive energy
particle of the soul. They contain the following content values:
- The head of state carries out foreign policies so the
country and its people do not fall into war when conflicts
occur and other countries initiate wars. That helps the soul of
the leader of that country to produce a lot of green positive
energy particles.
- The head of state does not allow wars to invade other
countries due to conflicts and incitements from different
countries. That person uses diplomatic policies to solve the

problem and not let war happen. That leader produced a lot
of green positive energy particles.
- The leader develops and propagates the policy of
national unity. That person produces many yellow positive
energy particles.
- The head of state does not allow religious conflicts,
ethnic conflicts, or conflicts between factions to occur that
cause civil war. Instead, that leader implements policies that
unite and develop together for the prosperity of the people
and the nation. That person produces a lot of positive energy
particles in the yellow colour of solidarity, the green colour of
development, and the fire-red colour of the spread of
knowledge for sustainable development.
- The head of state promulgates policies to govern the
country so that people's lives become prosperous, happy,
peaceful, free, democratic, and wealthy, and can easily
overcome epidemics, diseases, natural disasters, and robust
security and defence. That p erson produces a lot of green
positive energy particles.
- The head of state rules and manages the country free
from embezzlement and corruption. Instead, the
management apparatus at all levels and sectors operates
effectively to benefit the people and the nation. That person
produces many green positive energy particles.
- Head implement policies to protect natural resources
on their national territory. That helps the person produce
many green positive energy particles.
- Relatives or other interests must not influence the
leader; instead, they carry out governing policies for the

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of the National Tao

benefit of the people and the nation's entire resources. That
helps the person produce a lot of green positive energy
particles.
- The leader promulgates favourable educational
development policies to increase people's intellectual level
and improve people's lives. That person will produce
countless green, fire-red and yellow positive energy particles.
- The leader allows disseminating enlightened
knowledge to the people and the education system. That
person produced countless yellow energy particles.
Content group in the relationship between
leaders and managers for all people and national
territory:
Do you know what the symbol is for those who manage
and operate a country's activities? It symbolises the success
and maturity of those people in society and a country after
they have gone through the education process and achieved
many achievements in exa ms and work. They mature
intellectually, cognitively, and professionally to apply them to
their mission to benefit the people and the nation.
After the tuelinhs mature, they must go to different
planets in the universe to operate and manage the life forms
there. It is a task that the first tuelinh assigned to them in the
mission of sustainable development of all life forms in and
outside the universe. The first tuelinh built for them a group
of interactive content scenarios as employees in a country's
operating and management apparatus to help them do that.
They will simulate all situations and interactive reactions to
handle between themselves, between them and other

tuelinhs, and between them and other life forms in the
environment of a country, such as colleagues, people, and
natural resources. That will help them find and build
solutions to operate and manage most effectively because of
the benefits brought to the p eople and all life forms in a
country.
In addition, through this group of interactive content,
the tuelinhs and souls will recognize and eliminate their
toxins, activating good elements by producing sustainable
energy particles. Of course, it also helps them understand
each other, understand al l things and the energy of
destruction.
People who work in the country's management and
operation apparatus are collectively called leaders and
managers from local to central levels, fields, and industries.
The negative energy particles produced in the content
group of leaders and managers of the people and nation are
the toxins in the original negative energy particle of the soul.
They contain the following content values:
- People who do not have the ability but use money or
connections to obtain leadership and management positions
in the government apparatus from local to central. They
produce many grey energy particles for those actions.
- Leaders and managers do not work responsibly, and
they also cause difficulties for people. They will produce grey
energy particles.
- Leaders and managers harm each other at work to
compete for benefits and status. They produce grey energy
particles.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of the National Tao

- Leaders and managers form factions to compete for
power and benefits. They will produce grey energy particles.
- Leaders and managers accept bribes and, for other
reasons, put incompetent and unethical people to lead and
work in positions that that person is not qualified to
undertake. That causes the leader and manager to produce
grey energy particles for that behaviour.
- Leaders and managers who, for the sake of public
affairs, gain personal benefits for themselves, their families,
and their interest groups, affecting the country's and the
people's interests. That person produces many grey energy
particles.
- Leaders and managers promulgate management and
development policies only for someone's benefit, for the
benefit of themselves and interest groups. They produce
many grey, black, and blood-red energy particles.
- Leaders and managers promulgate policies or allow
the exploitation and destruction of natural resources such as
rivers, seas, forests, mountains, and underground minerals.
They produced countless grey and black energy particles.
- Leaders and managers promulgate policies that
demagogue the people to rule, causing the people's
intellectual development to be underdeveloped. They
produced countless blood-red yin energy particles.
- Leaders and managers run for office and have the
power to have higher positions without election or
appointment based on capacity. They produce many grey
energy particles.

- Leaders and managers propagate and promote
superstitious forms, beliefs, religions, prayer rituals, and
animal or human sacrifice rituals to the gods. That person will
produce countless grey, black, and blood-red energy particles.
- Leaders and managers take advantage of people's
religious beliefs and beliefs and carry out acts of taking
advantage of those beliefs to do spiritual and religious
business, causing people to live in ignorance. That caused
them to produce countless grey, black, and blood-red energy
particles.
- Relatives influence leaders and managers and appoint
relatives or bribers to leadership and management positions
in the government apparatus when they are incompetent.
Both the person and the loved one produce grey energy
particles.
- Leaders and managers do not have timely and correct
solutions and direction, causing people to die in epidemics,
floods, storms, earthquakes, tsunamis, droughts, and
volcanoes. That person produced countless grey and black
energy particles.
- Leaders and managers collude with business people
or others to embezzle and corrupt regional and sectoral
development policies in the country, from people's relief
policies in natural disasters to policies to deal with epidemics.
They produced countless grey, black, and blood -red energy
particles.
- Leaders and managers develop policies to develop the
country's economy with distinction between races and
peoples. They produce many grey and black energy particles.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of the National Tao

- Leaders and managers who incite nationalities, ethnic
groups, and factions and cause conflicts and wars. They
produce many black energy particles.
- Leaders and managers incite the head of the country
to cause war with other countries. They produced countless
grey, black, and blood-red energy particles.
- Leaders and managers incite or advise the head of the
country to develop policies that harm the people, economy,
national security and defence, and natural resources of their
country and cause damage that is harmful to peace in the
world and with other c ountries. They will produce countless
grey, black, and blood-red energy particles.
The positive energy particles produced in the content
group of leaders and managers of the people and country are
excellent elements in the original positive energy particle of
the soul. They contain the following content values:
- Leaders and managers select personnel for positions
according to their abilities and qualifications without
accepting bribes or being influenced by relatives or anyone
else. They produce green positive energy particles.
- Leaders and managers who are enthusiastic and
responsible in their work and towards the people. They
produce many green positive energy particles.
- Leaders and managers promulgate policies that
benefit the people and the country. They produce green and
fire-red positive energy particles.
- Leaders and managers who promulgate and enforce
the protection of natural resources produce many green and
fire-red positive energy particles.

- Leaders and managers who build solidarity with each
other to develop the country together. They produce green,
fire-red, and yellow positive energy particles.
- Leaders and managers issue timely policies and
solutions to help people during natural disasters and
epidemics. They produce a lot of green, fire -red and yellow
positive energy particles.
- Leaders and managers do not accept bribes and do not
embezzle; instead, they devote their intelligence and life to
the people and nation. They produce many green, fire-red and
yellow positive energy particles.
- Leaders and managers develop policies and
implement the elimination of evil customs and superstitions
in religion and beliefs. They produce many yellow positive
energy particles.
- Leaders and managers build progressive educational
policies for the benefit and intellectual development of the
people in peace and prosperity. They produce countless green
and fire-red positive energy particles.
- Leaders and managers advise the head of the country
to develop policies to develop education, economy and
society, security and defence to help the people and the
government become prosperous; advise the head to build
good relationships with other countries and avoid conflicts or
wars. They produced countless green, fire -red, and yellow
positive energy particles.
- Leaders and managers build and promulgate policies
to teach enlightened knowledge to the people in the education
system so that all people can understand and practice

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of the National Tao

reformed life in sustainable development. They produce
countless yellow positive energy particles.
Content group in the relationship between people
and the country:
Do you know what people's relationship with their
country is? It is the relationship that people have to the
leaders and managers of the country, to the natural resources,
to the national territory, and to their rights and
responsibilities within the country in which they live.
Do you know what people symbolize? They are symbols
of all tuelinhs in the universe. People living in a country have
rights and obligations towards their country. It means that the
tuelinhs and souls living in the universe also have rights and
responsibilities towards all life. You must understand that
before the tuelinhs and souls incarnate as humans, they are
all small energy particle structures with immature
intelligence. They cannot yet be conscious and aware of their
responsibilities and obligations towards themselves, towards
all life forms in and outside the universe, and towards the first
tuelinh. Therefore, they need to understand and be aware of
their obligations and responsibilities and, of course, their
rights. Do you know what their rights are? That is to live, to
practice in the human world, and to develop sustainably. So,
what are their obligations and responsibilities? That is,
respect the existence of themselves and other tuelinhs, and all
other life forms in and outside the universe; must ta ke
responsibility for the protection and sustainable
development of all life forms, including themselves.
Through a group of interactive content as people in a
country, the tuelinhs and souls learn lessons about their

responsibilities, obligations, and rights towards themselves
and other tuelinhs, to the first tuelinh, and all life forms in and
out of the universe.
In addition, they recognize and eliminate their own
toxins. Next, they activate their good elements by producing
sustainable energy particles.
The negative energy particles produced in the content
of the people with the country are the toxins in the original
negative energy particle of the soul. They contain the
following content values:
- People do not study hard and cultivate their
intelligence to develop themselves and bring values to
themselves. They produce grey energy particles.
- People who play gambling and are too lazy to work.
They produce grey energy particles.
- People do not love their spouses, children, and family,
leading to unhappy families and separation. They produce
grey energy particles.
- People commit adultery and fornication. They
produce grey energy particles.
- People who commit theft, robbery, or fraud. They
produce grey energy particles.
- People do not comply with national laws and violate
them, causing harm to the people and the country. They
produce grey and black energy particles.
- People destroy or produce and do business that
destroys natural resources. They produce grey and black
energy particles.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of the National Tao

- People research, invent, produce, and trade products
that harm people's health, animals, and everything. They
produce many grey and black energy particles.
- People abuse and kill animals. They produce many
grey and black energy particles.
- People insult, trample on dignity, and violate others.
They produce grey energy particles.
- People form groups or share negative views that
divide the great unity of religions, cultural beliefs, nations,
and humanity. They produce many blood -red energy
particles.
- People kill each other, commit suicide, or incite others
to kill or commit suicide. They produce black negative energy
particles.
- People exploit freedom and democracy to distort and
defame the state government, leaders and managers. They
produce many grey energy particles.
- People listen to incitement from anti -government
forces to spread propaganda to cause political instability and
national defence and security or even cause war. They
produce many grey, black, and blood-red energy particles.
- People propagate superstition and spread spiritual or
religious rites with prayers or sacrifices, causing people not
to know the truth about the origin and mission of practice in
the human world. They produce a lot of blood -red energy
particles.
- People propagate and incite racial and ethnic
discrimination within their own country of residence and

between countries. They produce a lot of blood -red negative
energy particles.
The positive energy particles produced in the content
group of the people's relationship with the country are
excellent elements in the original positive energy particle of
the soul. They contain the following content values:
- People live, study, and work in compliance with
national laws and regulations on people's rights, obligations,
and interests. They produce green and fire -red positive
energy particles from their actions that benefit people,
animals and all things.
- People actively study and cultivate their intelligence
to become talented people who are helpful to the country and
everyone. They produce positive energy particles for actions
that benefit the government and people.
- People enthusiastically work and produce to
contribute to the country's and its people's development and
prosperity. They produce green positive energy particles.
- People research, invent, produce, and trade products
and values that benefit people, animals, and nature. They
produce green positive energy particles.
- Each person loves themselves and loves their family
to create a civilized and happy society. They produce green
positive energy particles.
- Each person takes action to protect the nation's
natural resources, such as forests, mountains, rivers, ponds,
lakes, seas, and underground minerals. They produce green
positive energy particles.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of the National Tao

- Each person takes action to protect the freedom and
life of animals without killing or imprisoning them. Those
people produce green positive energy particles.
- People respect and help each other in life to develop
and prosper together; that can be helping each other get rich,
helping each other live healthy lives, or helping each other
cultivate wisdom. They produce green and fire -red positive
energy particles.
- People save each other in trouble, natural disasters,
and epidemics. They produce many green positive energy
particles.
- Everyone unites together to eliminate superstition,
sacrificial rituals and ignorant views about the origin and
mission of practice in the human world. They produce yellow
positive energy particles.
- Everyone unites peoples, ethnicities, religions and
beliefs to help the country develop sustainably. They will
produce a lot of yellow positive energy particles.
- Everyone unites to eliminate ethnic and sectarian
incitements and conflicts that cause war and national security
and defence disorders. They produce yellow energy particles.
- People respect leaders and managers in the
government apparatus from local to central and report their
violations to higher levels. That helps prevent wrongdoers
from continuing to produce negative energy particles. At the
same time, they also produce green positive energy particles.
- Everyone unites and rejects war when leaders launch
a war with other countries or cause war for their country.

That allows them to produce countless green, fire -red and
yellow positive energy particles if they can stop those wars.
- Everyone unites people across countries without
distinction of religion, ethnicity, and skin colour. They
produce a lot of yellow positive energy particles.
- Everyone teaches each other enlightened knowledge
about the content of people's relationship with their country
and their practice duties in the human world. They produced
a lot of yellow positive energy particles.
Thus, through the content groups in the national form
of Tao, you have seen the value of those scripts for the
tuelinhs and souls in the journey to attain the unified Tao of
the universe.
In addition, you can also see a lot of content in the
content groups of the national Tao that is closely linked to
other Tao forms. It is the magic of interactive scenarios to help
all tuelinhs and souls squeeze out toxins and activate their
good elements to the fullest."