Chapter Seventy-Three

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through
the Form of Tao of Teacher and Student

During the lunch break after the lecture on the unified
Tao of the universe through the national Tao form, a student
asked the Teacher, "Teacher, through the interactive content
in the national Tao form, I realized that there are leaders and
managers of th e country, especially the head of the country,
they have the opportunity to produce the most energy
particles compared to others if they allow the people to learn
enlightened knowledge. If they understand and practice that,
they will be the ones who quickly attain the unified Tao of the
universe. I also realized that in human history, very few heads
of state spread knowledge and moral values to rule the
country and protect the people because they were still busy
competing for power and benefits. It is a pity for the heads of
state, managers, and leaders if they do not know or know but
do not spread enlightened knowledge to the people and
humanity."
The Teacher said, "There is nothing to regret. It is all a
practice environment that the tuelinhs must experience to

understand all the secrets about themselves and each other,
about everything in the universe and destructive energy.
However, if leaders understand knowledge and practice
spreading enlightened knowledge to the people and in
education, they will produce cou ntless yellow energy
particles. As a result, they will quickly attain the unified Tao
of the universe from the intellectual light of enlightened
knowledge."
When the Teacher was sipping a cup of tea and
preparing for the afternoon lecture, a student immediately
asked him, "Teacher, through the lectures on interactive
content in the form of family, social, and national Tao, I see
yellow positive energy particle s produced when people
perform the act of teaching or propagating knowledge that
has enlightenment value. On the contrary, blood-red negative
energy particles are produced when people spread or teach
knowledge that causes destruction and ignorance. So, wil l
teaching enlightened knowledge help the tuelinhs and souls
produce the most valuable positive energy particles? On the
contrary, teaching ignorant knowledge causes humans to
produce the most toxic negative energy particles. Please
explain to me and everyone else?"
The Teacher replied, "That is correct. Do you know
why? Do you understand why teaching knowledge produces
energy particles with stronger electric waves than the energy
particles of saving or killing people?
Please remember the lecture on all things is
information that I gave you. It is the answer to your question.
You must understand that the information reaction between
the subject with the yin and yang energy embryo and the

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of Teacher and Student

outside environment will help the yin and yang energy
embryo produce energy particles. From those energy
particles, they make up all things in the universe. The actions
and reactions of all things reflect their internal information
values. The energy particles with the strongest electric waves
are produced by the most complex information reaction
process and the most enormous amount of information. On
the contrary, the energy particles with the weakest electrical
waves are produced because the information i n the reaction
is simple, and the amount of information is the least. In
addition, the environment's heat contributes to creating
energy particles with different yin and yang characteristics.
That means if the information reaction is at the most
complex level and has the most significant amount of
information in the direction of sustainable development for
all things, yellow positive energy particles with super strong
electric waves will be pro duced. On the contrary, if the
information reaction is also at the most complex level and the
most significant amount of information is in the direction of
destruction and destruction, blood -red negative energy
particles with super strong electric waves wi ll be produced.
Those energy particles with super strong electric waves are
produced because inside the intellectual wave code of that
energy particle, it has the most significant amount of
information, and the vibration speed is also super fast.
However, for the action that we humans consider the
most cruel act of murder, those actions only produce black
negative energy particles with very strong electric waves. On
the contrary, the life -saving actions that people consider the
most moral only produce green positive energy particles with

strong electric waves. Why? The reason is that the amount of
information during the reaction is a little. Because the amount
of information is not much, the value of the particle cannot be
compared to energy particles that contain more excellent
information value.
You must remember that saving a person's life is simply
saving the body. However, teaching enlightened knowledge
not only helps that person save the soul within them, but they
also practice producing good karma to overcome all
calamities until the end of their old age. In addition, they also
spread that enlightened knowledge to many others.
On the contrary, killing a person is just killing a body.
However, teaching ignorant knowledge to others not only
causes decay to the learner's soul but also causes the learner
to practice producing harmful karmic particles, and as a
result, they quickly d ie due to karma. In addition, they also
spread ignorant knowledge to everyone.
So, have you seen the power of knowledge yet? It saves
human lives and all life forms in and outside the universe
because everything is information. On the contrary, it can also
destroy human life and all things in and out of the universe."
The students showed interest and said, "Teacher, after
learning about the knowledge of energy particles, information
value, and operating mechanisms, we can understand all
things, events, and phenomena in and outside the universe.
There are increasingly no more questions to ask you, while we
had countless questions in the first lessons. I remember you
told us then that when we finished studying, we would no
longer have any questions or doubts. Indeed it is, and it is
truly a miracle, sir."

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of Teacher and Student

After a few minutes of sipping a cup of tea, the Teacher
continued his lecture, "Today, I will finish teaching you the
sermon on the unified Tao of the universe through the form of
the Tao of Teacher and student.
You also know about the value of the form of the Tao of
Teacher and Student. Through the form of Teacher and
student, the tuelinhs and souls build the ability to teach and
spread knowledge and values for sustainable development to
each other and to all things inside and outside the universe. In
addition, through this form of Tao, the tuelinhs and souls
recognise their toxins, eliminate them, and then activate their
good elements by producing sustainable energy particles.
However, it has the most excellent value I will mention
in this lecture. Do you know what that is? Or, in other words,
do you know what the form of Teacher and student
symbolises? You must understand that when the tuelinhs
lived on the central planet, thei r most excellent Teacher was
their father, God (the first tuelinh, Nalas Nalanda). He is both
a father and a teacher. As a father, he cares and worries about
the tuelinhs. As a teacher, he teaches them. He taught the
tuelinhs about the worldview of the universe and taught them
how to practice detonating the energy of destruction to
produce sustainable energy particles. Therefore, the form of
Teacher and student in the human world symbolises the
relationship between the greatest Teacher in the universe and
all tuelinhs and souls. Through the form of Teacher and
disciple in the human world, the first tuelinh and the tuelinhs
will find a sustainable path of transformation to attain the
perfect energy filter, which is the unifying Tao of the universe
after the p rocess of forcing out toxins and activating good

elements. In this form of Tao, the tuelinhs and souls will
thoroughly understand the nature of themselves and other
tuelinhs, all things in the universe, and the destruction of
energy. That all -encompassing and comprehensive
understanding is brought by the nature of this form of Tao,
which is to teach enlightened knowledge with the value of
sustainable development.
In the form of Teacher and student, it includes the
relationship of knowledge taught in the educational system,
in belief, in religion, and in any relationship of transmitting
and teaching knowledge between people. It can be summed
up as the relationship between Teacher and student.
Now, I will help you understand the toxins and good
elements in the energy particles produced through actions in
the interactive content of the Teacher and student form.
Content group in the relationship teacher treats
student:
This content group helps the tuelinhs and souls as
teachers see the value of knowledge taught to students, build
a close connection with students to create and spread values,
sustainable development towards all things, and respect for
their students. In addition, they recognize each other's toxins
to eliminate them together. The next is activating good
elements through the practice of producing sustainable
energy particles.
The types of negative energy particles produced in the
content group of teachers treat students as the toxins in the
original negative energy particle of the soul. They contain the
following content values:

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of Teacher and Student

- The teacher scolds, insults, tramples on dignity, and
assaults students. They produce grey energy particles.
- The teacher kills the student. They produce black
energy particles.
- A teacher causes students to do things that harm
people, animals, and everything. They produce grey energy
particles.
- A teacher teaches students to steal, rob, or assault
people. The teacher produces grey energy particles.
- The teacher incites his students to kill people. They
produce black energy particles.
- The teacher deceives his students to gain personal
benefits such as status, money, and reputation. They produce
grey energy particles.
- The teacher sexually abuses paedophilia and rapes his
students. They produce grey energy particles. The teacher
produces black energy particles if the consequences seriously
affect the students’ life and spirit.
- The teacher teaches their students tricks and actions
that harm everyone for their gain. That teacher produces
blood-red energy particles.
- The teacher teaches harmful knowledge that makes
students become evil, cruel and not good people. The teacher
produces blood-red energy particles.
- People who transfer technology and production and
business models that create toxic values that affect the lives
of humans, animals and all things such as weapons of war,
poisons, narcotics, and counterfeit drugs. They produce a lot
of blood-red energy particles.

- The teacher teaches his students prayer rituals,
sacrifice rituals, and forms of superstition. The teacher
produces many blood-red energy particles.
- The teacher teaches their students false knowledge
about the origin and practice mission of the tuelinhs and souls
in the human world and the method to complete the mission.
They produce countless blood -red energy particles. This
interactive content crea tes many energy particles that have
the strongest toxins. Therefore, this content is the most
dangerous, destroying the tuelinhs and souls. The reason is
that after finishing studying, learners continue to teach
others. Like that, the rate of destruction o f all things and the
rate of production of negative energy particles with super
strong electric waves takes place very quickly.
The positive energy particles produced in the content
group of teachers towards students are the good elements in
the original positive energy particle of the soul. They contain
the following content values:
- Teachers love and help students overcome difficult
economic situations, or for some reason, to learn knowledge
and become good people. The teachers produce green
positive energy particles.
- The teacher instructs and advises their students not to
do evil, not to kill or destroy natural resources, and they
become good people and successful in life. The teacher
produces fire-red positive energy particles.
- The teacher helps their students when they are in
trouble or danger of their lives. The teacher produces green
positive energy particles.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of Teacher and Student

- The teacher cares and helps students learn to become
good people and succeed. That teacher produces fire -red
positive energy particles.
- Enthusiastic teacher who teaches students valuable
knowledge for development in all areas of life. That teacher
produced fire-red positive energy particles.
- A teacher forgives students' mistakes when they
realize their mistakes, even if they harm everyone. After that,
the teacher continues to accept and teach those students. The
teacher will produce many fire-red positive energy particles.
- The teacher teaches students about moral values
when treating people , animals, and all things. That teacher
produces many red and yellow positive energy particles.
- The teacher teaches students the knowledge of
solidarity and love for humanity and all species. That teacher
produced fire-red and yellow energy particles.
- The teacher teaches students the truth about the
origin of humanity, the mission of practice in the human
world, and the method of sustainable transformation - the
path to achieving full enlightenment. The teacher produces
many yellow energy particles.
The content group in the relationship between
students treat teachers:
This group of content helps the tuelinhs and souls
understand the values that the most excellent teacher in the
universe has been teaching them. That is the sacrifice and
dedication of the first tuelinh in helping the tuelinhs mature
to benefit all life forms in and outside the universe. In
particular, through this content group, students learn

knowledge and values with sustainable development
characteristics for themselves and all life forms in and outside
the universe. In addition, they will understand what their
Father - the great teacher - has been giving them. From then
on, they always had reverence for him.
Of course, through this group of interactive content, the
tuelinhs become aware of their toxins as students. Then, they
will practice eliminating toxins before practising the
production of sustainable energy particles by actions that
activate good elements.
The negative energy particles produced in the group of
students treat the teachers as the toxins in the original
negative energy particle of the soul. They contain the
following content values:
- Students are too lazy to study and cannot improve
their teacher's knowledge; they do not become good and
valuable people for their families and society. They produce
grey energy particles.
- Learners play gambling games, indulge in sensuality,
and are addicted to stimulants without being able to grasp the
teacher's knowledge. They produce grey energy particles.
- Students do not listen to their teachers and commit
theft, robbery, and defrauding others. They produce grey
energy particles.
- Students who do not study to become good people and
commit acts of destroying natural resources to get rich. They
produce grey and black energy particles.
- Students do not listen to the teacher and commit acts
of killing animals. They produce black energy particles.

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of Teacher and Student

- Students do not listen to the teacher's instructions,
causing division and conflict. They produce grey energy
particles.
- Students do not listen to their teachers but research,
invent, produce, and trade products that affect the health and
lives of humans, animals, and everything. They produce grey
and black energy particles.
- Students do not listen to their teachers, but when they
become people of power and position, they become
embezzlers and corrupt, enacting policies that harm the
people and the country. They produce many grey, black, and
blood-red energy particles.
- Students do not realize that the teacher's knowledge
is wrong and harmful, so they apply it to life and cause harm
to people, animals, and everything. Teachers and students
produce grey, black, and blood-red energy particles.
- Students do not recognize that the knowledge the
teacher taught, such as superstition, praying rituals, or
sacrifices, is false. Therefore, students practice them in life.
Both the student and the teacher produced blood-red energy
particles.
- Students insult, trample on dignity, and assault
teachers. That student produced grey energy particles.
- Students kill teachers. They produce black energy
particles.
- Students learn from teachers false knowledge about
their origin, their practice mission, and the path to liberate
themselves from suffering; then practice them in life. The
result of not being aware of that wrong knowledge caused

both teacher and student to produce a lot of blood-red energy
particles.
The positive energy particles produced in the content
group of the student to the teacher are excellent elements in
the original positive energy particles of the soul. They contain
the following content values:
- Students listen to their teachers and become good
people for their family and society. They produce different
positive energy particles from the positive actions they do.
- Students listen to their teachers to give up harmful
lifestyles and evil to become people who study hard and
succeed in life. They will produce different positive energy
particles depending on the positive actions they take.
- The student realizes that the teacher teaches wrong
knowledge that harms everyone; he advises the teacher about
it, and the teacher gives up teaching that wrong knowledge.
That student produces fire-red energy particles.
- Students apply the knowledge they have learned from
their teachers to become people who benefit society, the
people, the country, animals, and everything. They produce a
lot of green, fire-red, and yellow positive energy particles.
- Students practice spreading and teaching everyone
the teacher's sustainable development knowledge. They
produce fire-red positive energy particles.
- Students protect the teacher's dignity and save the
teacher's life. They produce green positive energy particles.
- Students apply enlightened knowledge about the
truth of the origin, the practice mission and the path to
liberation from suffering to everyone. They produce countless

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of Teacher and Student

yellow positive energy particles. The student's application of
the teacher's enlightened knowledge to spread to everyone is
true and correct reverence and worship of the teacher.
Content group in the relationship between
students:
This group of content helps the tuelinhs build the
ability to connect in the mission of protecting, building and
developing life in the universe. That creates a great solidarity
to sustainably develop all life forms in and out of the universe.
You must kno w that before the tuelinhs incarnated as
practitioners in the human world, they were just children;
they were incapable of perceiving and understanding the
worldview of the universe and could not carry out any task.
Of course, this includes the ability to build great solidarity
among the tuelinhs in spreading the values of sustainable
development to each other and other life forms. Therefore,
the interactive content group in the relationship between
students will help them build connections to spread
sustainable development values to each other and other
forms of life.
In addition, through this group of interactive content,
the tuelinhs and souls recognize and remove toxins from
themselves, producing sustainable energy particles through
maximum activation of good elements.
The negative energy particles produced in the content
group of students treat each other as the toxins in the original
negative energy particle of the soul. They contain the
following content values:

- Students are jealous, superior, defamatory, insulting,
trampling on dignity, and abusing each other. They will
produce grey energy particles.
- Students kill each other and incite others to destroy
each other. They will produce black energy particles.
- Students sexually abuse and rape each other. They
produce grey and black energy particles.
- Students lure and entice each other to indulge in
debauchery, play gambling, buy and sell sex, and use
stimulants that are harmful to health. They will produce grey
negative energy particles.
- Students entice each other to deceive, defraud, steal,
and rob. They produce grey energy particles.
- Students invite each other to practice worship rituals,
superstitious forms, and sacrificial rituals. They produce grey
energy particles.
- Students entice each other to do things that violate
national laws and affect the health and lives of people and
animals. They produce grey and black energy particles.
- Students cause conflict and divide the great unity of
the classroom, beliefs, religion, and those uniting together to
spread enlightened wisdom. They will produce a lot of blood-
red yin energy particles.
The positive energy particles produced in the content
group of students treat each other as the good elements in the
original positive energy particle of the soul. They contain the
following content values:

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of Teacher and Student

- Students respect each other, say the right words, and
help each other in their studies. They produce fire -red
positive energy particles of learning support.
- Students help each other overcome difficulties and
tribulations. They produce green positive energy particles.
- Students help each other in life-threatening situations.
They produce green positive energy particles.
- Students help each other avoid debauched pleasures,
gambling, prostitution, and addictive substances that are
harmful to health to focus on studying. They produce green
positive energy particles.
- Students help each other avoid evil deeds, acts that
violate the law, and acts that harm the health and life of
people, animals and all things. They produce green and fire -
red positive energy particles.
- Students help each other eliminate worship rituals,
superstitious knowledge, and false knowledge about the
human world's origin and mission of practice. They produce
yellow positive energy particles.
- Students help each other find true enlightened
wisdom. They produce yellow positive energy particles.
- Students work together to build great solidarity to
spread moral values and enlightened knowledge to everyone.
They produce a lot of yellow positive energy particles.
- Students teach each other about enlightened wisdom.
They produce yellow positive energy particles.
The content group about the value of knowledge:
Do you know what the content group about the value of
knowledge symbolizes? Remember that at the beginning of

the lesson, I said that information is everything. Knowledge is
information after people are aware of its value, and it can be
knowledge of a destructive nature or a sustainable
development nature. Enlightened knowledge is the value of
sustainable development for all life forms in and outside the
universe; it is the path to sustainable transformation, the
method to attain the unified Tao of the universe by achieving
complete enlightenment. Therefore, this content group
symbolizes the search for enlightened knowledge by the
tuelinhs and souls for sustainable development of all life
forms in and outside the universe. The first tuelinh created all
the interactive content in the four forms of Tao to help the
tuelinhs find a sustainable path to transmutation in
interactive content about the value of knowledge to help them
complete that mission.
Of course, this content group will help the tuelinhs
recognize and eliminate toxins, activating good elements by
producing sustainable energy particles.
The negative energy particles produced in the content
group about the value of knowledge are the toxins in the
original negative energy particle of the soul. They contain the
following content values:
- People who create knowledge and methods to kill
animals and destroy natural resources and then spread them
to others. They produce a lot of blood-red energy particles.
- Those who spread and teach knowledge and methods
of killing animals and destroying natural resources. They also
produce a lot of blood-red energy particles.
- People who create knowledge and methods to create
poisons, biological weapons, murder weapons, and nuclear

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of Teacher and Student

bombs and then spread them to others. They produce many
blood-red yin energy particles.
- Those who spread and teach knowledge and methods
to create poisons, biological weapons, murder weapons, and
nuclear bombs. They produce a lot of blood -red energy
particles.
- Those who create methods of entertainment and
debauchery, stimulants that harm people and then spread
them to others. They produce many blood -red energy
particles.
- Those who spread methods of entertainment and
debauchery, harmful stimulants to everyone. They produce
many blood-red negative energy particles.
- People who create methods to deceive people for
profit and then spread those methods to everyone. They
produce many blood-red energy particles.
- People who spread and propagate methods to deceive
people for personal gain. They produce many blood -red
energy particles.
- People who create prayer rituals, sacrifices, and
superstitions and then spread them to everyone. They
produce many blood-red energy particles.
- People who spread and propagate rituals of
supplication, sacrifice, and superstition to everyone. They
produce a lot of blood-red energy particles.
- People who create extreme classist, nationalistic, and
ethnic knowledge and spread it to everyone. They produce
many blood-red energy particles.

- People who propagate and spread extreme classist,
nationalist, and ethnic knowledge to everyone. They produce
many blood-red energy particles.
- People who create knowledge and practice methods
in religions, spirituality, and false beliefs about the origin, the
practice mission of the tuelinhs and souls in the human world,
and the method of liberation suffering; then spread them to
everyone. That caused them to produce countless blood -red
energy particles.
- People who spread and propagate false knowledge
and practice methods about the origin, mission of practice in
the human world, and methods of liberating suffering to
everyone. They produce a lot of blood-red energy particles.
- People who create groups of people to divide the great
unity of people in faith, religion, and nation and entice
everyone to participate. They produce a lot of blood -red
energy particles. Those who join in propagating and
spreading also produce many blood-red energy particles.
The positive energy particles produced in the content
group about the value of knowledge are excellent elements in
the original positive energy particle of the soul. They contain
the following content values:
- People who create knowledge and methods to protect
natural resources and animals, then spread them to everyone.
That helps them produce green, fire -red, and yellow positive
energy particles. Those who spread and preach them also
produce fire-red and yellow positive energy particles.
- People who create knowledge and methods to cure
the sick, help people's health improve, and then spread them

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of Teacher and Student

to everyone. They produce many green and fire -red positive
energy particles. Those who spread and teach that knowledge
to everyone also produce many fire -red positive energy
particles.
- People who create knowledge and methods for
sustainable development in different fields and professions
and spread them to everyone. That helps them produce green
and fire-red positive energy particles. Those who spread and
teach that knowledge to everyo ne also produce fire -red
positive energy particles.
- People who create knowledge build moral values,
unite people, and spread them to everyone. They will produce
many yellow energy particles. Those who spread them to
everyone also produce yellow positive energy particles.
- People who create accurate enlightened knowledge
when letting people know about the truth of the origin, the
practice of the tuelinhs and souls in the human world, and the
method of liberation from suffering; then spread them to
everyone. That helps them produce countless yellow positive
energy particles and super energy particles. Those who
spread and teach that knowledge also produce countless
yellow positive energy particles. Then, they also have the
opportunity to transform yin and yang energy embryos into
energy filters to produce super energy particles like the
creator of that knowledge.
- People who build a great solidarity of people without
distinction between different classes, ethnicities, and
religions to jointly build moral values for humanity. That
helps them produce yellow positive energy particles. Those

who participate in teaching and spreading them also produce
yellow positive energy particles.
Thus, I have completed teaching you to understand the
unified Tao knowledge of the universe through the four forms
of Tao in the human world. It would help if you remembered
that the tuelinhs can successfully transform yin and yang
energy embryos into energy filters when they squeeze out all
the toxins and produce a sufficient amount of wisdom wave
code fibres carrying super strong yang electric waves with the
energy state of yellow, especially there must be an adequate
number of yellow energy particles in all four forms of the Tao.
It also means they have sufficient negative energy particles
with weak electrical waves.
You must remember that if the value of knowledge is
complete enlightenment, it will be the key, the most
miraculous secret for the tuelinhs to produce a sufficient
number of yellow positive energy particles in a few lifetimes
to attain the unified Tao of t he universe. Of course, it is only
accessible with determination, dedication and sacrifice for
learning and spreading them to humanity. On the contrary, if
the value content of knowledge is not accurate, it will be a
barrier that prevents the tuelinhs from maturing and
becoming the unified Tao of the universe.
In addition, you need to remember the following two
things in the four forms of the Tao of the universe:
- The poison in the teacher and student path is the most
difficult to get rid of, and it is why no second tuelinh has
attained the unified Tao after the first tuelinh.
- Love in the contents of family Tao has the most
common toxicity. It makes it difficult for all tuelinhs to remove

The Unified Tao of the Universe Through the Form of Tao of Teacher and Student

them to access the learning journey and spread enlightened
wisdom. Therefore, their destination on the path to
enlightenment is still very long.
Please read many times and study carefully the
teachings on the unified Tao of the universe through the four
forms of the Tao to form a natural reflex in forcing out toxins
and activating good elements. That will help you practice the
most effective production of sustainable energy particles.”