Chapter Seventy-Four

The Journey of The Tuelinh and Soul After
the End of a Human Life

When the students gently opened the door to the
Teacher's office, they saw him closing his eyes in a meditating
position. They understood that the Teacher was entering the
memory of his tuelinh, so they gently entered. One checked
the Teacher's teacup and helped him make a new cup. After
that, they sat so as not to disturb the Teacher, who was
recalling memories. Even though the students were quiet, the
Teacher knew they were coming and waiting for him.
However, the Teacher remained focused on his memories and
kept his students waiting.
After a long while, the Teacher came out of his
memories. When the Teacher saw that the cup of tea was no
longer hot, he told the student, "Please brew a new cup of tea
to make it fragrant and hot." Then, a fresh cup of hot tea was
brewed, and its fragranc e spread throughout the Teacher's
office.
The Teacher and his students enjoyed cups of hot tea.
The students shared questions and stories about spreading

knowledge to everyone with the Teacher. Of course, he gave
them advice to make their helping others more effective.
While everyone was talking, a student said to the
Teacher, "Teacher, do you remember the case of a husband
who killed his wife and daughter at night in their home?
Before I and some of her friends went to the house where she
and her child were killed to preach for their souls to return to
the transiting planet, the Teacher gave us instructions on how
to handle it. Just thinking about that situation makes me feel
so sorry for them. The baby was still young and very well -
behaved when we talked to this baby during the two sessions
of class where the husband was brought. He had previously
suffered from depression and schizophrenia. It's a pity that
her family did not continue studying to treat her husband. Her
friend also urged her to bring her husband to the Teacher's
class for study and therapy, but the wife, for some reason, did
not do it. She and her daughter have lived with a husband who
has had mental illness and depression for a long time. He
always suspects his wife is having an affair even though she is
not having an affair. I understand the problem of audio
hallucinations and hallucinations of mentally ill people
because negative information from their past lives is
transmitted to the brain from harmful energy particles that
are losing control. The things they see and hear are all images
projected by harmful energy particles into the brain, causing
them to lose the ability to perceive right and wrong, leading
to losing control of their actions.
However, when we went to the house where she and
her child were murdered, I practised meditation to
communicate with their souls. I talked to them and found that

The Journey of The Tuelinh and Soul After the End of a Human Life

they did not resent their husbands even though their
husbands killed them. In other cases, they will be resentful
without being overcome. At that time, I asked them why they
had not yet been transferred to the transit planet and were
still trapped in that house. The mother's soul said they did not
resent her husband because that was the karma between her
and her husband from a past life. They understood and did not
resent their husbands because they had listened to many of
your video lectures and attended t wo classes. However, the
fact that they were trapped in that house and could not go to
the transiting planet was because there was a ferocious spirit
in that area that dominated and controlled them. I also know
that because before meditating, I performed a method to
neutralize evil spirits in that land. After that, I used the
technique of teaching enlightenment knowledge to the
mother and child and the spirit that controlled them in that
land. I learned that the man's soul controlled the souls of the
mother and child. He controlled the husband's mind to make
the husband kill her and her daughter. I preached knowledge
for over an hour; then, I practised bringing all those souls to
the transiting planet.
I have two questions I want to ask you. Why was the
soul of the man on that land able to control the husband to kill
his wife and child? Why weren't the souls of that girl and her
mother picked up by the tuelinhs on the transit planet when
they had no resentment after being killed?"
The Teacher pondered and said, "It is true that I feel
unfortunate for that girl and her mother when they could not
help the husband overcome depression and mental illness.
The fact that the husband did not learn to encode and balance

the toxic information in his soul and even took psychiatric
medication was a barrier that prevented the family from
persevering in study and treatment. Death by murder or
suicide is a common outcome caused by depression and other
mental illnesses.
The reason the evil spirit influenced the husband in that
land was due to two reasons:
- That man's soul had many toxins and created many
bad karma while alive, so after death, that soul was doomed
to that place. Because of the toxins and vibrations of harmful
particles created by negative karma while living, that soul
cannot be returned to the transit planet. Therefore, that soul
is also losing control of its mind and behaviour. That's why
that soul controlled the husband to kill his wife and then
controlled the souls of that girl and her mother.
- The husband is easily influenced by a soul whose
energy structure is contaminated with many harmful
particles because he is also being bombarded with negative
energy particles into the surrounding environment. He is
losing control of his consciousness an d behaviour, so he is
easily linked to the toxins and negative information being
bombarded from the soul in that land. That means the soul in
the land shoots negative particles to the husband, and the
husband's soul also bombards that soul with harmful
particles. That bombardment caused both of them to become
angry and lose control. As a result, the husband lost control
and killed his wife and daughter.
- The husband killed his wife and child because the
poisonous information that they had related to each other
from their past lives is also being bombarded into his brain

The Journey of The Tuelinh and Soul After the End of a Human Life

from his soul, and it is linked to the poison of the soul in the
land. That connection caused the husband to lose control and
caused tragic consequences.
The tuelinhs did not pick up the souls of the mother and
child on the transiting planet because those two souls have
not completed their reformation quota in this human life.
That is because they have caused a lot of evil karma from their
previous lives, a nd they are given special privileges to
reincarnate as humans when they should not be or were not
yet human at that time. That means that for some reason, they
were given special status to become human earlier than their
karmic journey, maybe because they had done some good
deeds. However, they will have a quota for changing bad
karma in these cases. If by the time they fail to complete the
reform according to the norms, their karma will cause them
not to enjoy their longevity. As in the case of that mother and
daughter, their norm was to heal the husband because of what
they had done to that husband's soul in a past life. Although
the souls of mother and daughter did not resent the husband
when he killed them, they were still not picked up to the
transit pl anet. Their good deeds and reform norms are not
completed even though they have not created lousy karma in
this human life. Suppose the wife listens to her friends and is
determined to help her husband learn and practice according
to knowledge to overcome mental illness entirely. In that case,
she completes the reform quota, and these are also good
deeds completed to help her overcome the tribulation of this
human life.
You must remember that there is no devil, no soul that
can make others kill each other or control each other. The

things you know when you meditate are just manifestations
of an essence that the souls themselves do not understand. It
would help if you remembered that the negative energy
particle bombardment and copying of the angry soul in that
house are linked to the husband's negative energy particle
bombardment and replication. Those cause him to lose
control. He killed his wife and child because there was a toxic
information disorder between them from a past life. Those
things made him lose control and destroy them. The two souls
of the murdered mother and child have not been picked up to
the transit planet because they have not completed the
reform quota even though they do not resent the husband."
The student replied to the Teacher, "Teacher, I have
never heard you preach the knowledge you just taught. I hope
you will teach us about the journey of the tuelinhs and souls
after the end of human life."
The Teacher said, "I have reminded you many times in
the past and past lives never to take supernatural powers and
meditation seriously. They are all illusions and hallucinations
created from your harmful particles and the energy
structures trapped in the lands. That causes you to be
dominated by emotions and what you see in meditation while
you do not apply knowledge and the nature of information in
energy particles.
Hey you! I have scolded you for not being obedient in
your past lives due to your immersion in supernatural powers
and meditation. However, many people have developed the
poison of narcissism and no longer follow me. Therefore, in
this life, I don't scold you any more. Instead, I remind you
because that is my duty to you. Please remember what I said

The Journey of The Tuelinh and Soul After the End of a Human Life

so that your learning and practice can be effective. Those who
can meditate can especially see the tuelinhs and souls after
they end a human life, see them on the central or transiting
planets. You must remember that people being able to
meditate is not an advantage for them; it is a great challenge
for them to listen and follow my instructions. Therefore, to
overcome those challenges, you must understand knowledge
and be obedient."
The students immediately replied, "Teacher, we only
hope to be scolded by you when we do not properly practice
your teachings. We will not be like those who are selfish and
jealous because we understand that if we leave you, our path
of practising sustaina ble energy particle production will
become difficult and difficult to succeed. Therefore, by being
reminded and scolded by the Teacher and listening to the
Teacher's lectures regularly, we will understand and practice
correctly. That helps us quickly achieve achievements on the
arduous path of practice in this human world."
After a few minutes of relaxation, the Teacher said,
"Okay, your valuable experiences and stumbles in the journey
of spreading knowledge have helped you understand what I
have taught you. It is considered that you have overcome the
challenges of listening to today's lecture.
When you understand the two truths, the knowledge of
the smallest energy particle with the nature and journey of
transmutation, the transiting planet, and the law of cause and
effect, you have understood the journey of the tuelinhs and
souls after the end of human life in the lectures on the unified
Tao of the universe through the four forms of Tao. You can
understand the journey after a human life without any

supernatural abilities or having to practice meditation. In
addition, you can know the achievements of the tuelinhs and
souls after a human life, and there are no saints, bodhisattvas,
and Buddhas created by crowd psychology, extreme
nationalism, or religious views. What does that mean? That is
complete enlightenment, understanding and knowing all
things, events, and phenomena in and out of the universe by
knowledge of the two truths and the smallest energy particles.
That's what I want you to understand. However, achieving full
enlightenment is not accessible to everyone, especially those
who are influenced by the views and knowledge in
meditation. Remember, suffering and tribulations are the best
method to help all tuelinhs and souls understand the nature
of all things, events, and phenomena in and outside the
universe. After experiencing suffering and tribulation, they
will quickly attain complete enlightenment.
Hey you! Why do you still think there are many saints,
bodhisattvas, and Buddhas? Why don't you think about the
final destination of the practice path in the human world?
That's because you don't understand the knowledge and don't
listen:
- You must remember that there is only one
achievement on the path of practice in the human world of all
tuelinhs and souls, which is the unified Tao of the universe. It
is a perfect energy filter, also known as a dual filter. You must
also remember that o nly one Buddha achieved that
outstanding achievement; he was the first tuelinh, the
Creator, God, Nalas Nalanda, and Adidida; it is all one supreme
soul because he has many different names. That means there
is no second Buddha besides him because there is still no

The Journey of The Tuelinh and Soul After the End of a Human Life

tuelinh who has attained the unifying Tao of the universe,
even if it is a single energy filter in the yin and yang energy
embryo.
- You must remember that the achievements on the
journey of transformation of the tuelinhs and souls still
cannot save themselves when they move into the space of
destructive energy. They will be disintegrated and destroyed
by the space of that energy. Why ? Because they have not yet
attained the unifying Tao of the universe to have an energy
filter by successfully transforming the yin and yang energy
embryo. Therefore, the achievements on their journey of
transformation become meaningless. That means they cannot
protect themselves and other tuelinhs because they have not
yet reached the destination of their practice journey in the
human world, so they become meaningless in the space of
destructive energy.
- The fact that you are influenced by the views of
religions, beliefs, and people, that information is confusing in
your mind when you meditate to observe everything. The
type of toxins from the external environment causes your
internal toxins to be bound and linked together. As a result,
you have difficulty understanding the truth even though you
have read and heard the complete enlightenment knowledge.
Therefore, you must remember that you only achieve
once you have attained the unified Tao of the universe. There
is only one Buddha in the universe, which is the achievement
of the first tuelinh after he attained the unified Tao of the
universe when he successfully transformed the yin and yang
energy embryo into a perfect energy filter. Remember that
clearly to purify the toxic information in your soul.

Next, I will talk about the journey of the tuelinhs and
souls after the end of a human life. There are three journeys
for the tuelinhs and souls after the end of human life:
1. Journey back to the central planet to balance the
energy state after the end of a human life.
That is the most wonderful of the three journeys of the
tuelinhs and souls after the end of a human life. This journey
is of peace and joy that tuelinhs and souls will experience.
They will rest in the homeland of the tuelinhs – the central
planet, where t he essences of all energy groups are located.
That helps them relax and be at ease because of the
achievements on the practice journey they have gone
through. In particular, they will hear teachings about
enlightened knowledge from the first tuelinh. That is a worthy
thing, a reward for them when they have overcome the
hardships to practice producing sustainable energy particles.
To return to the central planet after the end of human
life, the tuelinhs and souls must achieve one of the following
conditions:
- They do not practice producing any harmful energy
particles and must produce positive energy particles of
enlightenment in their human lives. Not practising the
production of harmful energy particles means they do not
practice actions that harm people, a nimals, and everything.
The production of positive energy particles of enlightenment
is helping and saving people, animals, and everything.
- After producing harmful energy particles from actions
that harm people, animals, and all things, that person knows
and learns enlightenment knowledge. Then, they practice
producing sustainable energy particles according to the

The Journey of The Tuelinh and Soul After the End of a Human Life

enlightened understanding of the two truths. As a result, they
will be returned to the central planet after the end of their
human life.
The tuelinhs and souls that return to the central planet
after the end of their human lives will be welcomed by five
messengers. They can be picked up by the five messengers
when they achieve outstanding achievements on their
practice journey in human life or by the tuelinhs who receive
tasks from the five messengers when one of the above two
conditions is met.
2. Journey back to the transit planet to balance the
energy state after the end of a human life.
That is a journey where the tuelinhs and souls will have
to go through a series of lessons about what they did while
living in the human world. They will be educated in hell to
understand the evil karma they have created in the human
world. They will be educated in a life scene where they let go
of attachments to understand their toxic information and the
outside environment and let go of their attachments to the
forms they possess in the human world. They will be educated
and balanced in their energy state in an energy-balanced life
scene before being incarnated as a human. On the transit
planet, the tuelinhs and souls will be taught enlightened
knowledge by messengers and even the first tuelinh.
Conditions for the tuelinhs and souls to return to the
transiting planet are when they fall into one of the following
cases:
- When living in the human world, they cannot produce
any positive energy particles of enlightenment. That means
they do not act to help and save people, animals, and

everything. Therefore, they all have to return to the transiting
planet even if they do not produce harmful energy particles
that harm people, animals, and everything. They do not
produce positive energy particles because they have the
erupting toxins of attachment.
- When living in the human world, they produce
harmful energy particles by practising producing negative
energy particles. These are harmful energy particles
produced in the interacting content groups of the four forms
of the Tao.
- Even though people have learned the enlightened
knowledge of the two truths and have produced a few positive
energy particles of previous enlightenment, they still have to
return to the transiting planet because of the actions that
produce harmful energy particles afterwards. That means
they no longer believe in enlightened knowledge after
learning and practising it. Instead, they practice on a path that
produces harmful energy particles that harm people, animals,
and everything.
The tuelinhs and souls that return to the transiting
planet after the end of human life will be welcomed by the
tuelinhs at the Executive Council.
3. The journey of being damned at a place the end of
human life in the human world.
That is the most intense of the three journeys of the
tuelinhs and souls after the end of human life. The fierceness
of this journey is that they will have to summarize the lesson
that they have caused suffering to themselves, people,
animals, and all thin gs when they were alive without help
from the central planet or the transiting planet. That shows

The Journey of The Tuelinh and Soul After the End of a Human Life

that it will take them more time to re -experience and be
haunted by actions that have harmed themselves, people,
animals, and everything. For example, with the act of suicide,
that soul or tuelinh will be doomed at the place where they
committed suicide fo r a very long time, sometimes up to
thousands of years. That is a suitable punishment for not
appreciating being human to practice and reform. Being
damned at the place where they committed suicide is to help
them learn a lesson about the harm they cause to themselves,
others, animals, and all things, as well as understand the
lesson of respecting themselves when becoming a human.
After they have learned the lesson by themselves or
with the help of enlightened beings in the place where they
ended their human life, they will be returned to the transiting
planet to continue the lessons in other places on the transiting
planet.
The tuelinhs and souls will be doomed at the place
where they end their human life when they fall into one of the
following situations:
- Those who commit suicide will be punished at the
place where they died.
- Those who attack, assault, or kill others but are killed
will be punished at the place where they died.
- Those who have killed people and were killed by
others on the battlefield because of war, they will be damned
at the place where they died.
- People who die due to natural disasters, epidemics,
bombs, war, accidents, sudden death, or being killed by others
are all doomed to die because they are exceptional cases of

being reincarnated as humans after the evil karma they
created in their previous lives. Because they do not practice
reforming lousy karma through producing positive energy
particles of enlightenment, they have to experience that
suffering even though they do not harm people, animals, or
everything in the present life. Like these cases, many people
believe they died unjustly. However, nothing that happens in
this world is unjust. It happens because they don't follow
through on their promises and plans, and it's a painful
scenario that helps them see their toxicity. Next, they practice
forcing out toxins and activating their good elements. That
helps people change their perception when they think that
living in the world without harming anyone is enough. That is
an incorrect perception and ignorance. They need to have a
new awareness: living in the world must force out toxins and
activate good elements through understanding all things,
events, and phenomena in and outside the universe. It means
they will never stop helping and saving people, animals, and
things while not causing harm to them, including themselves.
The tuelinhs and souls are doomed at the place where
they end their human lives and must take on an essential task
before returning to the transiting planet. It is a duty to help
people living in the area where they died realize the fact that
there is an existence of souls and the tuelinhs after death. That
will help people have faith in cause and effect in the world
after death so that people can find enlightenment. When they
complete that mission and complete their lessons, they will be
returned to the transit planet.
The tuelinhs at the executive council on the transiting
planet will receive the tuelinhs and souls after completing

The Journey of The Tuelinh and Soul After the End of a Human Life

their lessons and tasks in the place where they end their
human lives."
A student immediately asked the Teacher, "Teacher, in
the case of a person committing suicide, or being killed, or
having an accident, or suddenly dying, their relatives asked
people with enlightened wisdom to preach and educate that
soul and help that sou l return to the transiting planet.
Teacher, can they go to that planet?"
The master replied, "If the dead person's relatives
invite a person with enlightened wisdom to the place where
that spirit or soul ended its human life to preach the wisdom
of enlightenment, they will be welcomed to the transiting
planet by the tuelinhs fr om the executive council. They were
able to return to the transiting planet because, through their
death, their loved ones were awakened to cause and effect,
the world after death, and had access to enlightened
knowledge when meeting and receiving. People with
enlightened wisdom help and preach enlightened knowledge.
Returning to the transit planet, they will not have to live in
hell. They will learn the teachings and live in a life scene of
letting go of attachments.
On the contrary, if the dead person's relatives invite
teachers to use prayer rituals without preaching enlightened
knowledge to the souls, they will not be able to return to the
transiting planet. Why? Because the actions of that soul's
relatives are acts of ignorance when there is faith in rituals
without faith in enlightened wisdom. Therefore, that soul has
not completed its mission and will have to continue to
experience the lesson and complete their mission before
being returned to the transiting planet.

You must remember that there is no need for
meditation or supernatural powers to help those damned
souls. To support the souls trapped in houses and lands, you
must preach enlightened knowledge to the people living in
that area to become enlightened. When teaching enlightened
knowledge, focus your thoughts and aim towards those souls
even if you cannot see them. When you speak to the living
about enlightenment, those souls also become enlightened
about what they did when they were alive. They also complete
their mission when helping the living on the land or their
relatives with enlightenment.
Through the universe's information transceiver
system, the five messengers will know what you are doing,
and they will send the tuelinhs in the executive council on the
transit planet to pick up those souls.
You must remember, preaching the wisdom of
enlightenment to everyone, to the damned souls, is the most
miraculous type of supernatural power that no other kind of
magic or supernatural power can compare to."
The students immediately said, "Teacher, thank you for
always caring and reminding us. That helps us understand
and practice the correct path of sustainable transformation."