Chapter Seventy-Five

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of
Ignorance in The Ideology

Like the Teacher's other classes, after he finishes
teaching the most challenging energy particle knowledge, the
sick are almost completely cured, and everyone has the most
excellent enlightenment. The students became very excited
when they were about to h ear lectures on the reactions that
produce energy particles in life through the four forms of the
Tao. They are happy and excited to listen to the magical
lectures because, through those lectures, people will have a
comprehensive view of the reaction proce ss of all kinds of
energy particles with yin and yang energy embryos in their
souls to produce the smallest energy particles. The main
interest is understanding the process of destructive energy
particles participating in the particle production reaction. In
addition, in previous courses, when the Teacher only gave
lectures on reactions that produce energy particles, people
with mental illness were cured after finishing the course.
People with serious illnesses were cured after listening to
those lectures again for a short period. Therefore, the lectures
on particle production reactions have a magical power in

helping the tuelinhs and souls understand themselves, each
other, all things, and the energy of destruction.
Today was the first day of that magical lecture series, so
everyone came to class very early. They feel that coming to
class is more fun and happier than any other class. Listening
to these excellent lectures will help them finish learning
enlightened know ledge from the Teacher after they have
spent a long time.
When the Teacher was sitting in the office because it
was not time to lecture, the students were chatting in the
classroom. Everyone expressed their joy when they were
about to listen to the great lectures they had heard through
the Teacher's video lecture s from previous courses, and
everyone also expressed their regret when they were about
to end the course. A male student said to each other, "I have
taken many of the Teacher's courses, and I don't want to miss
any of the courses he organizes to teach people. However, the
Teacher often said that when everyone finishes studying,
everyone should practice and not take away other people's
seats in class. However, I still go to class to learn, so I have
taken many courses even though the classes are very
crowded. My experience is that as long as I go to class, the
Teacher will not stop me from wanting to learn knowledge.
Do you know? It is the same lecture that the Teacher teaches,
but there will be differences between courses. That helps
learners have multi -dimensional perspectives and achieve
enlightenment faster than people who do not take many
courses from the Teacher." "It's fortunate for you to be able to
take many of the Teacher's courses. We live far away, so it's
not easy to arrange a time and get into th e Teacher's class

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in The Ideology

because when the Teacher announced the class was open,
many people had already registered, and there were no more
seats left in the class," the woman said. "You see, his classes
are always so crowded, he has to put a big speaker in the office
so that stude nts who don't have a seat in the classroom can
listen to his lecture through the speaker. Listening directly to
the Teacher's lectures will help patients recover faster than
listening to video lectures. Therefore, everyone does not want
to miss his lectures." The male student answered.
After that, everyone became quiet when they saw the
Teacher enter the classroom. A student immediately told the
Teacher, "Teacher, time passes so quickly. We want to learn
from you in all the classes you organize."
The Teacher smiled and said, "Learning must go hand
in hand with practice to produce positive energy particles in
life. If you do not practice generating positive energy
particles, you will waste a lifetime even if you take many
courses. Therefore, don't regret it; practice producing energy
particles. You will thoroughly understand and gain
enlightened wisdom within your soul at that time. Your
studies only help you absorb enlightened knowledge, but that
knowledge only exists and is retained when you practi ce
producing sustainable energy particles."
After a few minutes of silence, the teacher began the
lecture, "So, until today, you have learned almost all
enlightened knowledge. With all that knowledge, you have
achieved complete enlightenment and have the magical
power to practice the production of s ustainable energy
particles. It also means that you have thoroughly understood
the nature of yourself and each other, everything in the

universe, and the energy of destruction. You know the secrets
that all tuelinhs have been searching for, and you also were
equipped with a mechanism to produce sustainable energy
particles to transform the yin and yang energy embryos of the
tuelinhs into energy filters.
However, I always want learners to have more magical
power in understanding and practising the production of
sustainable energy particles to transform yin and yang energy
embryos into energy filters quickly. Therefore, I have built a
lecture system on reactions that produce energy particles so
that learners can understand how the process of producing
energy particles takes place. From there, you will understand
how each group of energy particles reacts with your yin and
yang energy embryo during the particl e production process,
especially the destructive energy. That is very important
because converting yin and yang energy embryos into energy
filters is to train the reaction to detonate countless
destructive energy particles safely. Therefore, you must
understand how the reaction process of detonating
annihilating particles takes place in different types of
reactions that produce energetic particles.
In this series of lectures, I will give you lectures on the
reaction that produces energy particles of ignorance in
ideology, energy particles of ignorance in actions, energy
particles of ignorance in the spread of false knowledge,
energy particles have th e characteristics of sustainable
development, energy particles have the characteristics of
spreading the values of sustainable development, and energy
particles have the characteristics of solidarity to spread the
values of sustainable development together. Especially is the

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in The Ideology

method of detonating destructive energy particles through
reactions that produce positive energy particles.
In today's lecture, we will explore the chain of reactions
that produce the energy particles of ignorance in the ideology.
The energy particle of ignorance in the ideology is the
grey negative energy particle with strong electric waves. The
characteristics of this type of negative energy particle are: it
contains a large number of toxins, a significant level of false
information value, a fast vibration speed, the ability to absorb
negative heat and toxic information from the external
environment is strong, and the properties of this particle can
destroy physical structures at a strong level.
You also understand the wisdom of ignorance in the
ideology, which is the wisdom of not understanding the truth
of yourself, all things, events and phenomena. Therefore,
people grasp and stick to the interactive contents of the four
forms of the Tao to sat isfy their interests, causing harm to
people, animals, and everything. However, the level of
damage is not large -scale or frequent, or it kills people and
animals and devastates natural resources.
You also know that the wisdom of the tuelinh and the
soul create the knowledge of ignorance in human ideology.
The wisdom of ignorance in the ideology of the tuelinh and
soul is created by the structure of the yin and yang energy
embryo. It is a type of yi n and yang energy embryo made up
of a grey negative energy particle with strong electric waves,
or a yin and yang energy embryo that transformed the
original negative energy particle at the level of strong electric
waves. People who have the tuelinh or soul inside possessing
a yin-yang energy embryo with the grey yin energy particle

with strong electric waves will always produce grey yin
energy particles.
In addition, people who have tuelinhs or souls with the
nature of wisdom are ignorant in their actions and ignorant in
spreading false values about sustainable development; they
also produce energy particles that have ignorant wisdom in
ideology. Remember, the tuelinhs and the souls with ignorant
wisdom in action have yin and yang energy embryos made up
of a black negative energy particle with very strong electric
waves, and all kinds of yin and yang energy embryos are
during the process of the original neg ative energy
transformation is at a very strong electric wave level. The
tuelinhs and souls with ignorant intelligence in spreading
false knowledge about sustainable development are formed
from yin and yang energy embryos with a blood -red yin
energy particle with super strong electric waves, and all kinds
of yin and yang energy embryos are in the process of
transforming the original yin energy particles at the level of
super strong electric waves.
You need to remember that when participating in the
reaction process of producing energy particles of ignorance in
the ideology, people have the nature of wisdom of ignorance
in the ideology, ignorance in action, and ignorance in
spreading false knowledge produces this type of energy
particle.
Let us call the type of ignorance energy particle in the
ideology the grey negative energy particle. Please remember
this so you understand other types of harmful energy
particles.

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in The Ideology

Next, you need to remember that the reaction process
that produces grey energy particles has four environmental
groups involved, specifically:
- The internal environment group is the yin and yang
energy embryo of the person who produces the grey yin
energy particles. Those are the information values of the
original positive energy particle and the information values of
the original negative energy particle. It is the information
reaction between the original positive and negative energy
particles.
- The external positive environment group is positive
people, knowledge, methods, and information. This
environment contains positive information values and
promotes the sustainable development of the tuelinhs,
humans, animals, and all things in and outsid e the universe.
These are informational values with characteristics of
sustainable development, informational values that spread
sustainable development values, solidarity values to spread
sustainable development values together, and the knowledge
of complete enlightenment.
- The negative external environment group is negative
people, knowledge, methods, and information. This
environment contains negative information values and
destroys the sustainable development of the tuelinhs,
humans, animals, and everything in and out of the universe.
These are informational values with an ignorant intellectual
nature in ideology, informational values with an ignorant
intellectual nature in action, and informational values with an
ignorant intellectual nature in the diffusion of false
knowledge.

- Groups of destructive energy particles in the external
environment. That is a group of energy particles with two
values for all things in the universe. One is to cause decay and
destruction, and the other creates sustainable development
for intelligence and all life forms in the universe.
It would help if you remembered that the practice
environment in the human world built by the first tuelinh
ensures the entire interaction of all four environmental
groups to help the tuelinhs and souls practice their ability to
detonate destructive energy in the process of decoding the
secrets of oneself, all things, events, and phenomena in and
outside the universe. Therefore, in any reactions that produce
energy particles through the four forms of Tao in the human
world, each person must interact and react with three types
of external environment.
Do you remember the conference to unify the practice
path of the Tuelinh Council? That is the image of small
poisonous snakes hiding in a plate of white food powder, a big
poisonous snake slithering into the bush, and a small toxic
snake slithering into th e bush afterwards. Then came the
words of the first tuelinh, "To save all tuelinhs, I must use
toxin to remove the toxin in them." In these lectures, you have
discovered the meaning of the reactions that produce energy
particles. That is the method of using toxin to stimulate toxin,
then finding a mechanism to produce sustainable energy
particles. Toxins are present in the negative energy particles
of the yin and yang embryos of each tuelinh and soul, in each
person and all things, and in the destructive energy particles.
Good elements exist in the positive particles of every tuelinh,
soul, person, and everything. The process of interaction

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in The Ideology

between the internal environment of the yin and yang energy
embryo with the three external environments creates a
reaction that uses toxins to detoxify and finds a mechanism to
produce sustainable energy particles. That makes the lectures
on reactions that produce energetic particles a series of
lectures containing precious intellectual values.
The reaction process that produces grey energy
particles includes five stages:
- Stage 1: The generation stage wishes to produce grey
energy particles.
- Stage 2: Decoding and encoding information in the yin
and yang energy embryo.
- Phase 3: Ideology creation phase to produce grey
energy particles.
- Phase 4: Action phase to produce grey energy
particles.
- Stage 5: The intellectual wave code fibre stage carries
strong electric waves that produce grey causal energy
particles.
And now, let's explore the evolution of the reaction
process that produces grey energy particles.
Please look at the image of the grey negative energy
particle and its wisdom wave code thread to recall the three
points and two segments.

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in The Ideology

Stage 1: The stage of generating the desire to
produce grey harmful energy particles:
That is when people interact with the outside
environment until the desire to produce grey energy particles
arises.
As you know, why does the tuelinh life form have to
incarnate as a human to practice in the human world? That is
because they have had a pure and peaceful life since being
born on the central planet with the quintessence of various
energies and from the protection and care of the first tuelinh.
That causes them not to have any attachment or desire for
physical structures or any form because if they want
something, they can transform it from the magical energy
particles on that planet. However, since they cannot detonate
annihilation energy, they do not have the heat source from
detonated annihilation energy particles to fuel their sustained
energy particle production. Therefore, they have difficulty
maturing and do not have the power to detonate destructive
energy particles. The inevitable result was that many baby
tuelinhs were disintegrated and destroyed by the energy of
destruction. Because of that serious problem, the first tuelinh
must build a practice environment in the human world with
an interaction o f all kinds of energy particles in and outside
the universe to help them practice sustainable energy particle
production.
When they become human, they live in four forms of the
Tao. So, how do they create reactions that produce energetic
particles? What they desire will not be satisfied when they
live in the human world. It would help if you remembered this
to understand why the chain reaction that produces particles

occurs. What they want will not be achieved, which is the
opposite of life on the central planet. When they like to have
something, they can transform it and enjoy that joy. However,
in the human world, they cannot fly or transform into things
when needed. That is wanting but not being satisfied. From
wanting but not being satisfied, combined with the fact that
they have to stay in a simple material body, they become
trapped, vicious and suffer in their body because of the things
they want but cannot have or transform into. Therefore, they
begin to enter the chain of reactions that produce energy
particles in all the interactions of the four forms of the Tao in
the human world.
So, how does the beginning of the journey produce grey
negative energy particles occur? It is initiated by the
generation stage of the desire to produce grey energy
particles. It would help to remember that humans do not wish
to produce grey energy particles. You must understand that
actions to satisfy your interests that cause small -scale
consequences, not killing yourself, others, animals, and all
things, will constitute grey energy particles. Therefore, when
I say that people want to produce grey negativ e energy
particles, you must understand that people like to satisfy their
interests while hurting people on a small scale and not yet
causing death.
The journey of generating one's desire to produce grey
energy particles goes as follows:
- First, the person must interact in their living and
working environment, or they have access to information
from a particular environment, even if by chance. Accessing

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in The Ideology

that information causes them to compare themselves and the
subjects of the environment with which they interact.
- Next, the person realizes they are different from the
subjects they have interacted with. Maybe they see others as
rich while they are poor. Others have status while they don't.
Others have lovers while they don't. Others have houses while
they don't. Ot hers have children while they don't have
anything. Others are happy while they are unhappy. Others
have many assets while they don't have them. Others are
healthy while they are sick. Others have a life of enjoyment
while they are struggling. Others are re spected, while others
are not. Others have businesses while they don't have them.
Some are famous, while others are not. Other people's
children are happy while their children are not, and other
forms of the four forms of the Tao.
- That comparison and recognition will occur over a
short period or over a long time.
- The person's comparison and recognition process
occurs in positive and negative environments. That is, they
will see some people get rich from trying to study and work
honestly to get rich and see people who get rich through
profiteering or harming other s. There are people whose
status comes from talent and morality and who gain status
from using money or connections to get it. Someone is good
to one person but not good to another. That someone helps
one person but doesn't help the other. Everyone respects this
person but doesn't respect that person.
After interacting in different environments, they
become eager to produce grey energy particles from things
they have or do not have, love or hate, intelligence or no

intelligence, to beg or not to beg, to act or not to act. However,
they also realize that they are not capable of causing large -
scale consequences or causing deaths to people, animals, and
things to satisfy their desires. Finally, they realized they could
achieve their desires and satisfy their interests by accepting
harm to people, animals, and things on a small scale.
Generating the purpose of satisfying one's benefits and
accepting to cause harm to people, animals, and things on a
small scale and not yet killing is that person's goal after
interacting with different environments.
When the goal arises to produce grey energy particles,
it shows that the original negative energy particle in the yin
and yang embryo of the soul inside that person has strong
electrical waves and toxins, and the original positive energy
particle does not have enough power to control the original
negative energy particle. That means that that person's
intelligence is at the level of ideological ignorance. It is an
ideology that satisfies their interests and accepts causing
harm on a small scale and not at t he level of killing people,
animals, and all things.
When the desire to produce grey energy particles
forms, the intellectual wave code strand of the original
negative energy particle synthesizes its toxins with the toxins
of information from the outside environment. That toxic
information caused the origina l negative intellectual wave
code strand to simulate the number point (1) in the
intelligence wave code strand.

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in The Ideology

Stage 2: The stage of decoding and encoding
information in the yin and yang energy embryo:
That is the stage of decoding and encoding information
from the external environment after the desire to produce
grey energy particles arises. This stage will create vibrational
wave code beats from point (1) to point (2) in the intellectual
wave code fibre of the grey negative energy particle.
Remember, at this stage of producing grey energy
particles, it has already shown the yin and yang embryonic
nature of the soul within the human being. They have a yin
and yang energy embryo, with the original yin energy particle
being a grey, black, or blood-red yin particle. Because of that,
the poison of the original negative energy particle has the
power to dominate the positive energy particle, and it will
quickly absorb toxic information without accepting good
information from the outside environment d uring the
information encoding and decoding process.
During this stage of decoding and encoding
information, the destructive energy particles will be
stimulated by the vibration waves of the original negative
energy particle with the negative environment to move into
the yin and yang embryo. That is the idea l condition for
detonation if positive energy particles can control negative
particles and information from the outside environment.
However, positive particles do not have the power to do so in
the reaction that produces grey particles. Therefore, the
destructive energy particle becomes death to the yin and yang
energy embryo.
Because the goal after interacting with the external
environment is to produce grey energy particles, it represents

the nature of the toxic yin and yang energy embryo and the
vibration speed of the original negative particle at a strong
level. That causes people to decode and encode information
from the external environment as follows:
- First, that person finds a negative environment that
has information similar to the toxic information that is
controlling their yin and yang embryo. In this environment,
they meet people, knowledge, and methods with similar
views on satisfying their inte rests and accept causing
consequences on a small scale and not at the level of killing
people, animals, and all things. The exploding toxins of the
root negative energy particle combine with the toxins of the
negative outside environment, causing the root negative
energy particle and the entire system of negative energy
particles in that person's soul to vibrate at a strong level. That
causes several destructive energy particles to pick up the
signal, moving towards that person to discharge their excess
heat. As the destructive energy particles move into the soul
structure, the negative energy particle clusters lose control
and become corrupted as the destructive particles transfer
excess heat. As a result, t he soul becomes incapable of
circulating information waves throughout the entire particle
structure. That causes that person's soul to gradually lose the
ability to perceive and distinguish the information value of
the external environment. As a result of the interaction
process in this negative environme nt, the desire to produce
grey energy particles becomes more intense. Besides, the first
vibrational wave code segment is formed at the negative pole
with the crystallization of toxins inside the original negative

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in The Ideology

particle of the soul with the toxic information values of the
negative external environment.
- Next, that person interacts in a positive environment,
where people, methods, and knowledge characterize
sustainable development and the true nature of all things.
Those positive information values are transmitted to that
person. Still, they are denied b ecause the negative energy
particle in the yin and yang embryo is controlling and does
not receive positive information. Interacting in a positive
environment has caused that person's yin and yang energy
embryo to receive positive information values even t hough
that person constantly refutes and does not want to accept.
That creates a conflict reaction between the toxic information
of the original negative particle and the positive information
in the outside environment. The result of that reaction
process creates a vibrating wave code beat at the positive pole
in the intellectual wave code. Because the yin and yang energy
embryo is being dominated by the toxins of the original yin
energy particle, those positive information values are
dominated and have no power even though encoded into a
vibrational code rhythm in the intellectual wave code in the
original negative particle.
- The person's interaction process between two
positive and negative environments occurs continuously over
time. That makes decoding and encoding information of yin
and yang energy embryos fierce and stressful. Vibration wave
code rhythms contain negative information values of the
external environment due to binding with the toxins of the
original negative particle formed. In addition, vibrational
wave codes containing positive information values of the

external environment continue to be formed. Still, they are
blocked and controlled by the toxins of the original negative
energy particle.
At the end of decoding and encoding information from
the external environment, it causes the grey negative energy
particle is simulated to produce additional vibration wave
code fibre from point (1) to point ( 2) in the intellectual wave
code fibre of the original negative energy particle. This
vibrating wave code segment encodes all the toxic
information values of the external environment in the
vibrating wave code beats at the negative pole, and it encodes
part of the positive information values in the vi brating wave
code rhythm at the positive pole. However, all vibrational
wave code beats demonstrate the toxic nature of the original
negative energy particle. Do you know why? Because only the
original negative energy particle reacts to encode toxic
information about the external environment, while the
original positive energy particle does not have enough
strength to evaluate the information value of the external
environment and control the root negative energy particle.
Therefore, in the production process of grey energy particles,
only the original negative energy particles participate in the
production reaction. Do you remember the lecture on mind
dharma? The information values encoded in the intellectual
wave code rhythms form the dharma refute dharma, and the
dharma unites dharma. In this case, the vibrations at the
negative pole are the dharma that unites dharma, and the
vibrations at the positive pole are dharma that refutes
dharma. The toxins and false information of the original
negative energy part icle refute the external environment's

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in The Ideology

positive information to form vibrating wave code rhythms at
the positive pole. The toxins and false information of the
original negative energy particle combine with the toxins and
false information of the external environment to form
vibrating wave code rhythms at the negative pole.
In addition to the original negative energy particle
simulating the new vibrational code for producing the grey
negative particle, the destructive energy particles attack the
soul structure in large numbers. That causes the information
waves in that soul n ot to circulate to create heat that
detonates destructive energy, and that person's intelligence
becomes out of control. They cannot perceive negative and
positive information values of themselves and the external
environment. They only exist in the desire to satisfy the goal
that they created from the previous stage.
You must understand that, when the toxins of the
tuelinh and soul erupt to practice the mechanism of
producing grey energy particles, they do not believe and
always reject the positive information values from the outside
environment, whether it is enlighte ned knowledge. Besides,
they are afraid and lack the strength to practice producing
black or blood-red energy particles even though they receive
information from people with ignorant wisdom in action and
diffuse false wisdom. Therefore, they only set the g oal of
producing grey energy particles. Only by experiencing the
suffering of the consequences they create can they
understand truth, their nature, and the informational values
of the external environment.
At the end of decoding and encoding information from
the external environment, the reaction process of producing

grey energy particles switches to the stage of creating the
ideology of ignorance in the production of grey energy
particles.
However, for those who have learned enlightened
knowledge from the two truths and the smallest energy
particle, there is an understanding of the reactions that
produce grey energy particles within them. Therefore, even if
they have acquired an ideology tha t produces grey energy
particles, as long as they remember the enlightened
knowledge and do not transform it into action, no negative
energy particles will be produced. Of course, that is the case
of learning and understanding enlightened knowledge and
having help from enlightened people in the outside
environment. Therefore, the purpose of me giving these
lectures to you is not for you to produce negative energy
particles but to help you understand and eliminate the
process of producing harmful energy part icles if you are
creating those reactions.
Phase 3: Ideological generation phase to produce
grey energy particles:
This stage produces the ignorance ideology for
producing grey energy particles.
This stage of creating ideology is the inheritance of all
the results of decoding and encoding information in the
previous stage. To generate the ideology for producing grey
energy particles, the toxins and toxic information at a strong
level of the origin al negative particle dominated and
controlled the original positive energy particle. Therefore, the
harmful information of the negative energy particle is easily
linked with the harmful information with destructive

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in The Ideology

properties of the external environment to encode into a
vibrating wave code. That means that the yin and yang energy
embryo of the soul inside the human being does not have the
power of the yang particle to decode the truth of information
values in the external environment, so the original yin energy
particle decodes wrong and encodes them into its intellectual
wave code strand to form the ideology at point (2) in the
intellectual wave code strand.
The ideology created at this stage results from
ideological struggle, also known as the result of people's
thinking process. It is a thought to refute the positive
information values of people, methods, and knowledge that
are characterized by sustainable development, spread the
values of sustainable development, and unite to spread
sustainable developm ent values. Besides that, there are
thoughts to accept the satisfaction of one's benefits and to
accept small -scale destruction without killing people,
animals, and all things despite receiving more toxic
information than from people, methods, and knowledg e of
ignorance in action and ignorance in spreading false
knowledge.
Indeed, developing an ideology that satisfied their
interests was a fierce and painful struggle . That shows that
when the tuelinhs and souls dwell in a simple form and are
not satisfied by an environment of nothing but extreme
suffering and pressure, they will release toxins and produce
reactions that generate grey energy particles based on the
nature of their intelligence and the interactive environment.
When the grey energy particle production ideology is
created, the simulation process to make the grey negative

energy particle's intellectual wave code fibre of the root
negative energy particle's intelligent wave code fibre has
reached creating point (2) in the intellectual wave code fibre.
When a point (2) is created, it begins the action phase in the
following stage. Besides, it also shows the person's failure to
recognize and eliminate toxins and ignorance of the truth of
themselves and others, of all things in and out of the universe.
Phase 4: Action phase to produce grey harmful
energy particles:
That is the stage of inheriting the functions and tasks
specified in point (2) in the ideology, which is to act to satisfy
personal benefits and accept harm on a small scale to all
people, animals, and all things. In addition, during this grey
negative ene rgy particle production action phase, the
destructive toxic information values from the outside
environment continue to be absorbed by the toxic
information values from the intellectual wave code fibre of
the original negative energy particle binds and enc odes to
form the intellectual fibre of the simulation that produces the
grey negative energy particle. That means that negative
information values are increased and absorbed from the
external environment along with the inheritance of all
negative informati on values decoded and encoded in
previous stages.
The action phase can occur as a single action interacting
with people, animals, and things, or it can be a series of actions
to end the phase that produces grey energy particles.
After obtaining the ideology for the production of grey
energy particles along with being dominated by the
destructive energy particles residing in the soul structure to

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in The Ideology

discharge excess heat, the production process of grey energy
particle generation occurs as follows:
- As the person performs actions that produce grey
energy particles, they continue to see and interact with
negative people, methods, and knowledge. That causes their
yin and yang energy embryo to link and encode that toxic
information into the intelligence fibre being simulated in the
original yin energy particle. The process of toxic binding
between these two environments causes the system of
negative energy particles in that person's soul to vibrate
intensely. It causes many destructive energy particles to move
to discharge excess heat. As a result, the soul and person lose
their cognitive ability and become determined to practice
producing grey energy particles.
- However, they will also meet and interact with
positive people, knowledge, and methods to help them and
prevent them from practising grey energy particle
production. Even though they are actively discouraged by the
environment, they still commit actions that hurt people,
animals, and things to satisfy their interests.
During this action phase, the negative environment and
excess heat of destructive energy are discharged into the soul,
causing the person to disobey and not believe in prevention
and help from positive people. It shows the victory of toxins
in the original negative energy particle and toxins of the
external environment. At the same time, it also demonstrates
the inability of the good elements in the root positive energy
particle when it does not have enough strength to control the
poison of the root negative particle.

The result of this phase is an intellectual wave code
thread with strong electric waves that are copied and
produced from the intelligence wave code thread of the
original negative particle after it completes the process
simulating point (3) in the intelle ctual wave code fibre. The
newly produced intellectual wave code strand is stored next
to the original negative particle's original intellectual wave
code strand.
Remember, at the end of stage 4 in the reaction chain
that produces grey energy particles, there is a lot of negative
heat in the original negative energy particle. That negative
heat results from the reaction process of decoding and
encoding toxic informa tion from the outside environment
with the original negative energy particle when the original
positive energy particle does not have the power to control
and eliminate the toxins. Therefore, that negative heat is the
ideal condition for the newly produced negative intelligence
wave code to form causal energy particles.
Stage 5: The stage of the intellectual wave code
fibre carries strong electric waves that produce grey
causal energy particles:
This phase occurs immediately after the end of the
action or series of actions that produced grey energy particles
in the previous phase.
That is the stage where the intellectual wave code fibre
carrying strong electric waves is born after the action of
producing grey energy particles is finished; it will copy into
many intellectual wave code fibres similar to it. Remember
that the newly produced intellectual wave code is stored next
to the original harmful intellectual wave code, and the copied

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in The Ideology

wisdom wave code fibres will move to the extreme containing
the harmful energy particles of the mature energy embryo.
Then, they transform into the smallest harmful energy
particles with a grey energy state inside. At that time, several
of the smallest particles will join to form aggregate yin energy
particles and move outside the mature energy embryo
structure to rotate around positive energy particles with the
same content group. That creates a cluster of many yin energy
particles in the composite energy particle structure of the
tuelinh. In addition, some particles will be shot to the outside
environment, where the person creates actions that produce
those grey energy particles. When those harmful particles
move to those people, they will be transformed into
information and negative heat after they move into their
souls. Besides, the smallest harmful particles will be
recovered to the processing centre and operating the cause
and effect tree of all tuelinhs and souls on the central planet.
Thus, at the end of the reaction chain that produces
grey energy particles, those toxic energy particles have
become causal energy particles and exist in three regions. It
consists of the tuelinh structure (an intellectual wave code
strand carrying negative electric waves is stored next to the
wisdom wave code strand carrying the original negative
electric wave of the yin particle in the yin and yang embryo,
and a composite energy particle formed into synthetic
particle structure outside the mature yin and yang energy
embryo), one particle is stored in the centre that operates the
causal tree in the central planet, and one to many particles are
transmitted to affected people.

In addition, the action process produces grey energy
particles that create a negative external environment that
causes others to learn and follow. That is similar to that
person having received toxic information values from the
outside environment.
Have you noticed anything through the chain reaction
that produces grey energy particles? It is the information
circulation mechanism in the rotation mechanism of the yin
and yang energy embryo and the mechanism for producing
and connecting the smallest en ergy particles by the
information reaction process between the internal and
external environments. They form a path of transformation,
decay and destruction when only negative energy particles
with strong electric waves are produced, while positive and
neutral energy particles are not. That causes the synthetic
energy particle structure in the tuelinh to have many harmful
energy particles in clusters.
So, it is a chain reaction that produces grey energy
particles, harmful energy particles of ignorance in the
ideology.
I will analyse a specific situation to help you quickly
identify and prevent your grey energy particle production.
Give an example in the case of grey negative
energy particle production from adultery:
A man has been married for ten years, and they have a
son and a daughter. Their children are very obedient and have
excellent academic results. After difficulties and hardships in
life and work, their family has become rich, and the husband
has a high posi tion in his career. However, the husband is

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in The Ideology

covering up his affair with his employee. Thus, the husband
produced grey energy particles. That negative energy particle
includes the interactive content of social and family Tao.
Now, let's analyze this case of grey energy particle
production.
Phase 1: the interaction phase to generate the desire to
produce grey energy particles:
- After many years of living together, the wife is no
longer young, especially after giving birth to two children.
While at work, there are many young unmarried girls. That
makes the husband notice and compare the difference
between his no longer young and beautiful wife and other
young and beautiful girls.
- The husband sees that his career has been promoted
and he has more money than during his poor years. He feels
the need for material and spiritual enjoyment.
- The husband saw other rich people; they had affairs
with beautiful young girls. On the contrary, he also sees other
successful people leading healthy lifestyles and being faithful
to their wives.
- Those comparisons and perceptions over a while
made him more interested in beautiful young girls at work. At
the same time, he noticed boredom in his love for his wife. By
this time, he had developed a newfound lust for love with a
young woman at work. T herefore, he finds satisfaction in
having a girl other than his wife. At that time, point (1) of the
intellectual wave code fibre carrying the negative electric
wave for the production of the grey negative energy particle

was simulated in the original intellectual wave code fibre of
the original yin energy particle.
Phase 2: stage of decoding and encoding information
for the production of grey energy particles:
- Because he has developed a desire to have another girl
besides his wife, it shows that his toxins have broken out and
are controlling the yin and yang energy of his soul.
- He interacts and chats with beautiful girls at work. The
conversations, accompanied by messages and feelings, made
him and a lovely young girl attracted to each other. This
process causes the intellectual wave code fibre of the original
yin energy partic le in the yin and yang energy embryo to
simulate the vibrating wave code rhythms at the cathode. The
toxins of the outside environment are the attraction from that
beautiful young girl, from the rich people who are having an
affair, linked with the toxins of desire and greed in the root
negative energy particle to create harmful values encoded in
vibrating wave codes. That toxic combination caused his
soul's negative energy particle system to shake violently, and
many destructive energy particles that caugh t the signal
moved in to discharge excess heat. Therefore, he cannot
perceive the gains and losses in the adulterous relationship.
- When he interacts with his faithful wife at home and
sees the breakdown of other couples due to adultery, he
thinks he deserves to be more satisfied with his love for the
young girl. In addition, he assumed that no one would know
about his affair and that it would not affect his work or family.
That means that positive informational values were attacked
to help awaken his desire for adultery, but it was not
successful. That's because the toxins in his negative energy

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in The Ideology

particle dominate and control the positive energy particle, so
he denies positive information. That creates positive values
encoded at the vibrating wave code beats at the positive pole
of the intellectual wave code fibre.
- The process of decoding and encoding information
between negative and positive environments by his yin and
yang energy embryo took place over a while, causing the
intellectual wave code strand of the original yin energy
particle to simulate complete the vibrating wave code for the
production of adulterous harmful energy particles.
Stage 3: ideological formation stage for the production
of grey negative energy particles:
- The ideology for producing grey energy particles is
formed at the end of the simulation process, creating a
vibrating wave code. It is an ideology that satisfies one's
interests while causing harm to the wife, children and the
young girl herself.
- However, that is only a harmful ideology on a small
scale, not the ideology of leaving one's wife and children to
marry that young girl like others have done. It is also not a
positive ideology that brings sustainable development values
to his family and that of the young girl.
- At the end of the ideology creation stage, point
number (2) in the intellectual wave code fibre of the grey
negative energy particle has been simulated.
Stage 4: the practice stage of producing grey energy
particles of adultery:
- That husband officially had an affair with that young
girl when both parties benefited from each other. He benefits

from lust, and the other girl benefits from the money and
status he gives her. This process makes him satisfied and feels
happy without knowing that his and that girl's toxins control
each other. Those toxins include images of the adulterous
process encode d into the intellectual fibre formed in the
original negative energy particle. That causes many
destructive energy particles to catch the signal and move to
discharge excess heat.
- He was known and discouraged from having an affair
by his friends and colleagues, but he did not stop.
- The fact that he performed sexual acts with that young
girl caused him to produce an intellectual wave code fibre
with electric waves after each sexual encounter. That means
that he has made many intellectual wave code fibres for that
act of adultery.
Stage 5: the stage of the intellectual wave code fibre
carrying strong electric waves that produce grey causal
energy particles:
- Many strands of the negative intelligence wave code
of the act of adultery are produced and stored next to the
original negative intelligence wave code fibre of the original
negative energy particle.
- From the intellectual wave code fibres produced by
the act of adultery, they copy into many intellectual wave code
fibres to the yin pole of the mature yin and yang energy
embryo to transform into the smallest energy particles. Those
particles then bond to form synthetic negative energy
particles and move to conjugal content clusters of positive
particles. It causes that composite energy particle cluster to

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in The Ideology

have multiple negative energy particles with the same
informational content.
- The smallest particles of grey negative energy are
collected in the space that processes the cause and effect tree
of the tuelinhs and souls on the central planet.
- Grey energy particles bombarded those who knew
about his affair and the young girl.
Thus, the chain of reactions that produced grey energy
particles of that man with the content of adultery has been
completed. When he was finished, his actions had created an
external environment containing toxins for other young men
and women to absorb wh en they failed to control their
harmful energy particles with the toxins exploding."