Chapter Seventy-Six

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of
Ignorance in Action

"I see that he is in perfect health because, in every
course he organizes, he teaches all day long without feeling
tired. One time, I noticed that when the Teacher had just sat
down in his chair, a few students at the back of the class,
because it was too crowded and far away, stood up to see the
Teacher. Seeing that, the Teacher stood up again to preach." A
female student talks to everyone during lunch break.
A male student replied, "That shows that everyone who
listens to the lecture must see the Teacher. They don't want
to miss the opportunity to hear and see the Teacher teach live.
That is what many people wish when they have faith in the
Teacher and his kno wledge, especially seriously ill people
who have recovered after studying and practising according
to the Teacher's knowledge. Even we are like that. We always
come to class early to sit closer to the Teacher."
Another student said, "That's right, I feel that sitting
close to the Teacher while listening to him lecture will make
me feel the energy from him like ocean waves entering my

body more than sitting at the back of the class. That's why I
see that when sick people are studying, the Teacher always
tells them to sit at the front of the classroom."
At that moment, the Teacher walked past everyone to
the podium so he could hear the stories that people were
telling each other. After everyone in the classroom became
quiet, the Teacher said, "Everyone sitting at the top or bottom
of the class received the same amount of information. Paying
attention to lectures means the information you absorb will
be rich and comprehensive. It is important that after receiving
information, learners must apply it to practice in life. People
with the disease should sit up front because they receive more
information by concentrating on listening and more energy."
A student immediately said, "Teacher, in class this
morning, when you taught about the reaction that produces
grey negative energy particles, especially after you analyzed a
specific example, I felt like my soul was completely
enlightened. I was enlightene d by the difficult knowledge
about energy particles, mechanisms and nature of particles in
this morning's lecture. I was like someone who was
enlightened at the time of the last lessons in this course of
yours. I realize that when the Teacher analyzes and teaches
knowledge from different analytical angles related to the
nature and movement mechanisms of all life forms in and out
of the universe, learners have a comprehensive view and will
attain complete enlightenment. It was a miracle for me.
However, I be came enlightened more slowly than many
people when they quickly understood the Teacher's
knowledge from the difficult lectures on energy particles.
Now I can feel the peace and freedom when understanding

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Action

the nature of all things, events, and phenomena through
knowledge of the two truths with the smallest energy
particle."
The Teacher replied, "Enlightened knowledge and the
smallest particle of energy explain the truth about the nature
and path of transformation of all things in and out of the
universe; it is just like a court deciding a civil or criminal case.
Everyone, from the plaintiff to the defendant, the judge, jury
members, relatives of the plaintiff and defendant, and
everyone watching the trial will see the cause and motive,
nature, and other circumstances in that case. When
understanding, people see the nature of t ruth and the
consequences of actions caused by ignorance or
enlightenment that forgives mistakes. On the contrary, if we
do not use the knowledge of the two truths, the knowledge of
energy particles, and the nature of the information to dissect
and analyze the true nature of all things in and outside the
universe, it's like people only see that a certain dispute or a
certain murder has occurred without knowing the nature,
cause, and related details. Therefore, what I have built into
lectures from different angles and levels is for you to
thoroughly understand all the nature and transformation
mechanisms of yourself and each other, all things inside and
outside the universe. From there, you will train yourself in a
moral framework by understanding to practice activating
good factors and eliminating toxins in the soul."
After a few minutes of silence, the teacher continued his
lecture, "This afternoon, we continue to explore the reaction
that produces energy particles with the wisdom of ignorance
in action.

It would help if you remembered that, in the series of
lectures on energy particle production reactions, there is a lot
of content that I will talk about and repeat over and over again
in all lectures. Therefore, do not think I have nothing else to
say and preach to you. It's not like that at all. Those issues and
contents are important. Those are the keys to help you
understand and apply to practice the mechanism of producing
positive energy particles and not practice the mechanism of
producing harmful energy particles most effectively.
Now, we need to recall the energy particle of ignorance
in action. It is a black negative energy particle with very
strong electric waves. The characteristics of this type of
negative energy particle are: it contains a large number of
toxins, a high level of false information value, a very fast
vibration speed, the ability to absorb negative heat and toxic
in the external environment is very strong, and the properties
of this particle can destroy physical structures at a very strong
level.
You also understand the wisdom of ignorance in action,
which is the wisdom of not understanding the truth of
yourself, all things, events and phenomena. Therefore, people
grasp and stick to the interactive contents of the four forms of
the Tao to satisfy t heir interests, causing harm to people,
animals, and everything. The level of damage to people,
animals, and things is on a large scale, and there is killing
involved.
You also know that the wisdom of the tuelinh and the
soul creates the understanding of ignorance in human actions.
The knowledge of ignorance in the actions of the tuelinh and
the soul is created by the structure of the yin and yang energy

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Action

embryo. It is a type of yin and yang energy embryo made up
of a black negative energy particle with very strong electric
waves or a yin and yang energy embryo that transforms the
original negative energy particle at a very strong electric
wave level. People with a tuelinh or soul inside possess a yin-
yang energy embryo with the black negative energy particle
with very strong electric waves that will always produce black
negative energy particles.
In addition, people with the tuelinhs or souls of
intellectual nature are ignorant in ideology and ignorant in
spreading false values about sustainable development. They
also produce energy particles and ignorance in action.
Remember, the tuelinhs and the souls with ignorant wisdom
in ideology have yin and yang energy embryos made up of a
grey negative energy particle with very strong electric waves,
and all kinds of yin and yang energy embryos are during the
process of the original negative energy transformation is at a
strong electric wave level. The tuelinhs and souls with
ignorant intelligence in spreading false knowledge about
sustainable development are formed from yin and yang
energy embryos with a blood -red yin energy particle with
super strong elect ric waves, and all kinds of yin and yang
energy embryos are in the process of transforming the
original yin energy particles at the level of super strong
electric waves.
You need to remember that, when participating in the
reaction process of producing energy particles of ignorance in
action, the tuelinhs have the nature of wisdom, ignorance in
action, ignorance in ideology, and ignorance in spreading false
knowledge can quickly produce this type of energy particle.

Let us call the type of energy particle of ignorance in
action the black negative energy particle. Please remember
this so you understand other types of harmful energy
particles. In addition, you must also not forget that black
energy particles have much s tronger toxins, electric waves,
false information, and destructive properties than grey
energy particles.
Next, you need to remember that the reaction process
that produces black energy particles has four environmental
groups involved, specifically:
- The internal environment group is the yin and yang
energy embryo of the person who produces the black yin
energy particle. Those are the information values of the
original positive energy particle and the information values of
the original negative energ y particle. It is the information
reaction between the original positive and negative energy
particles.
- The external positive environment group is positive
people, knowledge, methods, and information. This
environment contains positive information values and
promotes the sustainable development of the tuelinhs,
humans, animals, and all things in and outsid e the universe.
These are informational values with characteristics of
sustainable development, informational values that spread
sustainable development values, solidarity values to spread
sustainable development values together, and the knowledge
of complete enlightenment.
- The negative external environment group is negative
people, knowledge, methods, and information. This
environment contains negative information values and

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Action

destroys the sustainable development of the tuelinhs,
humans, animals, and everything in and out of the universe.
These are informational values with an ignorant intellectual
nature in ideology, informational values with an ignorant
intellectual nature in action, and informational values with an
ignorant intellectual nature in the diffusion of false
knowledge.
- Groups of destructive energy particles in the external
environment. That is a group of energy particles with two
values for all things in the universe. One is to cause decay and
destruction, and the other creates sustainable development
for intelligence and all life forms in the universe.
It would help if you remembered that the practice
environment in the human world built by the first tuelinh
ensures the entire interaction of all four environmental
groups to help the tuelinhs and souls practice their ability to
detonate destructive energy in the process of decoding the
secrets of oneself, all things, events, and phenomena in and
outside the universe. Therefore, in any reactions that produce
energy particles through the four forms of Tao in the human
world, each person must interact and rea ct with three types
of external environment.
You have already learned about the conference to unify
the practice path of the Tuelinh Council before they
transformed into humans. That is the image of small
poisonous snakes hiding in a plate of white food powder, a big
poisonous snake slithering into t he bush, and a small toxic
snake slithering into the bush afterwards. Then came the
words of the first tuelinh, "To save all tuelinhs, I must use
toxin to remove the toxin in them." In these lectures, you will

have discovered the meaning of the reactions that produce
energy particles. That is the method of using toxin to
stimulate toxin, then finding a mechanism to produce
sustainable energy particles. Toxins are present in the
negative energy particles of the yin and yang embryos of each
tuelinh and soul, in each person and all things, and in the
destructive energy particles. Good elements exist in the
positive particles of every tuelinh, soul, person, and
everything. The process of interaction between the inter nal
environment of the yin and yang energy embryo with the
three external environments creates a reaction that uses
toxins to detoxify and finds a mechanism to produce
sustainable energy particles. That helps you see the value and
wonderfulness of the morn ing's lecture on the grey energy
particle production reaction.
The reaction process that produces black negative
energy particles includes five stages:
- Stage 1: The generation stage wishes to produce black
energy particles.
- Stage 2: Decoding and encoding information in the yin
and yang energy embryo.
- Phase 3: Ideology creation phase to produce black
energy particles.
- Phase 4: Action phase to produce black energy
particles.
- Stage 5: The intellectual wave code fibre stage has
very strong electric waves that produce black causal energy
particles.

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Action

And now, let's explore the evolution of the reaction
process that produces black energy particles.
Please look at the image of the black negative energy
particle and its wisdom wave code thread to recall the three
points and two segments.

Stage 1: The stage of generating the desire to
produce black energy particles:
That is when people interact with the outside
environment until the desire to produce black energy
particles arises.
You also know why the tuelinh life form has to
incarnate as a human to practice in the human world. They
have difficulty maturing because they cannot detonate
destructive energy so that sustainable energy particles can be
produced. They do not have magical powers like the first
tuelinh. The destruction of baby tuelinhs, and the destruction
of life forms in the universe is the reason why the first tuelinh
had to create a practice environment for the tuelinh life forms
to help them practice detonate destructive energy through an
environment of nothing but suffering on earth.
The first tuelinh made it impossible for them to use
their ability to manipulate energy, like on the central planet,
to help them create reactions that produce sustainable energy
particles when they incarnate as humans. That means their
desires will not be satisfied when they live in the human
world. It would help if you remembered this to understand
why the chain reaction that produces particles occurs. What
they want will not be achieved, which is the opposite of life on
the central planet. When they like to have something, they can
transform it and enjoy that joy. However, in the human world,
they cannot fly, transform, or transform into things when they
need them. That is wanting but not being satisfied. From
wanting but not being satisfied, combined with the fact that
they have to stay in a simple material body, they become
trapped, vicious and suffer in their body because of the things

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Action

they want but cannot have or transform into. Therefore, they
begin to enter the chain of reactions that produce energy
particles in all the interactions of the four forms of Tao in the
human world.
How does the beginning of the journey produce black
energy particles occur? It is initiated by the generation stage
of the desire to produce black energy particles. It would be
best if you remembered that humans do not desire to produce
black energy particles because they do not know about those
energy particles and their toxicity. You must understand that
actions to satisfy your in terests that cause large -scale
consequences and involve the killing of yourself, others,
animals, and all living things will co nstitute black energy
particles. Therefore, when I say that people want to produce
black energy particles, you must understand that people like
to satisfy their interests, hurt people on a large scale, and
there may be killing.
The journey of generating a person's desire to produce
black energy particles goes as follows:
- First, the person must interact in their living and
working environment, or they have access to information
from a specific environment, even if by chance. Accessing that
information causes them to compare themselves and the
subjects of the environment with which they interact.
- Next, the person realizes they are different from the
subjects they have interacted with. Maybe they see that their
country is poor while another country is rich. Their country
has no natural resources, while another country has many
natural resources. S omeone else is rich while they are not.
Someone else has land while they don't have it. Someone else

has a lover while they don't have one. Someone else has a
house while they don't have one. Someone else has children
while they don't have one. Someone else is happy while they
are not happy. Others have many assets, while they do not
have them. Others are healthy while they are sick. Others have
a life of enjoyment while they struggle. Others are respected,
while others are not. Others have businesses when they don't
have them. Some are famous, while others are not. Other
people's children are happy while their children are not, and
other forms of the four forms of Tao.
- That comparison and recognition will occur over a
short or extended period.
- The person's comparison and recognition process
occurs in positive and negative environments. That is, they
will see that there are rich countries because of invasion and
wars, and there are other rich countries because they develop
many talents for the country. That is, they will see that there
are people who get rich from trying to study and work
honestly, and there are people who get rich through acts of
profiteering or harming others. There are people whose
status comes from talent and morality and wh o gain status
from using money or connections to get it. That someone is
good to one person but not good to another. That someone
helps one person but doesn't help the other. That means
people respect others but don't respect others.
After interacting in different environments, they
become eager to produce black energy particles from things
they possess and do not possess, or love and hate, or have
intelligence and no intelligence, or to beg and not to beg, or to
act and not to act. Ho wever, they also realize that they are

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Action

incapable of causing consequences on a large scale, such as
becoming propagandists of false knowledge that destroys
many intelligent beings, people, animals, and all other things.
In the end, they realized they could achieve their desires and
satisfy their interests by accepting harm to people, animals,
and things on a large scale and even killing.
Generate the purpose of satisfying one's interests and
accept causing harm to people, animals, and all things on a
large scale and even killing as that person's goal after the
corresponding process interacts with different environments.
When the goal arises to produce black energy particles,
it shows that the original negative energy particle in the yin
and yang embryo of the soul inside that person has very
strong electrical waves and toxins, and the original positive
energy particle doe s not have the power to control the
original negative energy particle. That means that a person's
wisdom is at the level of ignorance in action. It is an ideology
that satisfies their interests and accepts large-scale harm and
killing of people, animals, and all things.
When the desire to produce black energy particles
arose, the intellectual wave code strand of the original
negative energy particle synthesized its toxins with the toxins
of information from the outside environment. That toxic
information caused the origin al negative intelligence wave
code strand to simulate point (1) in the intellectual wave code
strand.

Stage 2: The stage of decoding and encoding
information in the yin and yang energy embryo:
That is the stage of decoding and encoding information
from the external environment after the desire to produce
black energy particles arises. This stage will create vibrational
wave code rhythms from point (1) to point (2) in the
intellectual wave code thread of the black negative energy
particle.
Remember, at this stage of producing black energy
particles, it has already shown the yin and yang embryonic
nature of the soul within the human being. They have a yin
and yang energy embryo, with the original yin energy particle
being a black, grey, or blood-red yin particle. Because of that,
the poison of the original negative energy particle has the
power to dominate the positive energy particle, and it quickly
absorbs toxic information without accepting good
information from the outside environment duri ng decoding
and encoding information.
During this stage, the destructive energy particles will
be stimulated by the vibration waves of the original negative
energy particle with the negative environment to move into
the yin and yang embryo. That is the ideal condition for
detonation if positiv e energy particles can control negative
particles and information from the outside environment.
However, positive particles do not have the power to do so in
the reaction that produces black particles. Therefore, the
destructive energy particle becomes death to the yin and yang
energy embryo.
Because the goal after interacting with the external
environment is to produce black energy particles, it

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Action

represents the nature of the toxic yin and yang energy embryo
and the vibration speed of the original negative particle at a
very strong level. That causes people to decode and encode
information from the external environment as follows:
- First, that person finds a negative environment that
has information similar to the toxic information that is
controlling their yin and yang embryo. In this environment,
they meet people, knowledge, and methods with similar
views on satisfying their inte rests and accept causing large -
scale consequences and killing people, animals, and all things.
The emerging toxins of the root negative energy particle bind
with the toxins of the negative outside environment, causing
the root negative energy particle and the entire system of yin
energy particles in that person's soul to vibrate very strongly.
That causes many particles of destructive energy to pick up
the signal, moving towards the person to discharge their
excess heat. As the destructive energy particles move into the
soul structure, the negative energy particle clusters lose
control and become corrupted as the destructive particles
transfer excess heat. As a result, the soul becomes incapable
of circulating information waves throughout the entire
particle structure. That causes the person's soul to gradually
lose the ability to perceive and distinguish the information
value of the external environment. As a result of the
interaction in this negative environment, the desire to
produce black energy particles becomes more intense.
Besides, the first vibrational wave code segment is formed at
the negative pole with the crystallization of toxins inside the
original negative particle of the soul with the toxic
information values of the negative external environment.

- Next, that person interacts in a positive environment,
where people, methods, and knowledge characterize
sustainable development and the true nature of all things.
These positive information values are transmitted to that
person. Still, they are denied b ecause the negative energy
particle in the yin and yang embryo is dominant and does not
receive positive information. Interacting in a positive
environment has caused that person's yin and yang energy
embryo to receive positive information values even thou gh
that person constantly refutes and does not want to accept.
That creates a conflict between the original negative particle's
toxic information and the outside environment's positive
information. That reaction process creates a vibrating wave
code at the positive pole in the intellectual wave code.
Because the yin and yang energy embryo is being dominated
by the toxins of the original yin energy particle, those positive
information values are still dominated and have no power
even though they are encoded into the vibration code rhythm
of the strand of intellectual wave code in the original negative
particle.
- The person's interaction process between two
positive and negative environments occurs continuously over
time. That makes decoding and encoding information of the
yin and yang energy embryo fierce and stressful. Vibration
wave code rhythms contain negati ve information values of
the external environment due to binding with the toxins of the
original yin particles formed. In addition, vibrational wave
codes containing positive information values of the external
environment continue to be formed. Still, they are blocked

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Action

and controlled by the toxins of the original negative energy
particle.
Completing the process of decoding and encoding
information from the outside environment causes the black
negative energy particle to be simulated to produce
additional vibration code from point (1) to point (2) in the
intellectual wave code of the original negative energy particle.
This vibrating wave code segment encodes all the toxic
information values of the external environment in the
vibrating wave code beats at the cathode, and it encodes part
of the positive information values in the vibrating wave code
beats at the positive pole. However, all vibratory wave code
beats demonstrate the toxic nature of the original negative
energy particle. Do you know why? Because only the original
negative energy particle reacts to encode toxic information
about the external environment, while the original positive
energy particle does not have enough strength to evaluate the
information value of the external environment and control
the negative energy particle. Therefore, only the original
negative energy particle pa rticipates in the production
reaction in the production process of black energy particles.
In the mind dharma lesson, you have also learned that the
information values are encoded in the intellectual wave codes
that create the dharma refute dharma, and the dharma unites
dharma. In this case, the vibrations at the negative pole are
the dharma that unifies dharma, and the vibrations at the
positive pole are the dharma that refutes dharma. The toxins
and false information of the original negative energy particle
oppose the external environment's positive information to
form vibrating wave code rhythms at the positive pole. The

toxins and false information of the original negative energy
particle combine with the toxins and false information of the
external environment to form vibrating wave code rhythms at
the negative pole.
In addition to the original negative energy particle
simulating the new vibration code for the black negative
particle production process, the destructive energy particles
attack the soul structure in large numbers. That causes the
information waves in that soul not to circulate to create heat
that detonates destructive energy, and that person's soul
becomes out of control. They cannot perceive negative and
positive information values of themselves and the external
environment. They only exist in the desire to satisfy the goal
that they have generated from the very first stage.
You must understand that, when the toxins of the
tuelinh and soul erupt to practice the mechanism of
producing black energy particles, they do not believe and
always reject the positive information values from the outside
environment, whether it is enlight ened knowledge. Besides,
they find they do not have enough strength to practice
producing blood -red energy particles even though they
receive information from people with ignorant wisdom in
spreading false wisdom. Therefore, they only set the goal of
producing black energy particles. Only by experiencing the
suffering of the consequences they create can they
understand truth, their nature, and the informational values
of the external environment.
At the end of decoding and encoding information from
the external environment, the reaction process of producing
black energy particles switches to the stage of creating the

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Action

ideology of ignorance in the production of black energy
particles.
However, for those who have learned enlightened
knowledge from the two truths and the smallest energy
particle, there is an understanding of the reactions that
produce black energy particles within them. Therefore, even
if they have acquired the ideology that produces black energy
particles, as long as they remember the enlightened
knowledge and do not transform it into action, no negative
energy particles will be produced. Of course, that is the case
of learning and understanding enlightened knowledge and
having help from enlightened people in the outside
environment. Therefore, the purpose of me giving these
lectures to you is not for you to produce negative energy
particles but to help you understand and eliminate the
process of producing negative energy particles if you are
creating those reactions.
Phase 3: Ideology creation phase to produce
black energy particles:
That stage produces the ideology of ignorance for
producing black energy particles.
This stage of creating ideology is the inheritance of all
the results of decoding and encoding information in the
previous stage. To generate the ideology for producing black
energy particles, the potent toxins and toxic information of
the original negative particle have dominated and controlled
the original positive energy particle. Therefore, the harmful
information of the negative energy particle is easily linked
with the damaging information with destructive properties of
the external environment to enc ode into a vibrating wave

code. That means that the yin and yang energy embryo of the
soul inside the human being does not have the power of the
yang particle to decode the truth of information values in the
external environment, so the original yin energy particle
decodes wrong an d encodes them into its intellectual wave
code strand to form the ideology at point (2) in the intellectual
wave code strand.
The ideology created at this stage results from
ideological struggle, also known as the result of people's
thinking process. It is a thought to refute the positive
information values of people, methods, and knowledge that
are characterized by sustainable d evelopment, spread the
values of sustainable development, and unite to spread
sustainable development values. Besides that, there are
thoughts to accept the satisfaction of one's benefits and to
accept large-scale destruction and killing of people, animals ,
and all things.
Indeed, developing an ideology that satisfied their
interests was a fierce and painful struggle . That shows that
when the tuelinhs and souls dwell in a simple body and are
unsatisfied by an environment of nothing but extreme
suffering and pressure, they release toxins and produce
reactions to generate black energy particles based on their
nature and the environment with which they interact.
When the black energy particle production ideology is
created, the simulation process to make the black energy
particle's intellectual wave code fibre of the root negative
energy particle's intelligent wave code fibre has reached
creating point (2) in the intellectual wave code fibre. When a
point (2) is created, it begins the action phase in the following

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Action

stage. Besides, it also shows the person's failure to recognize
and eliminate toxins and ignorance of the truth of themselves
and others, of all things in and out of the universe.
Phase 4: Action phase to produce black energy
particles:
That is the stage of inheriting the functions and tasks
specified in point (2) in the ideology, which is to act to satisfy
personal benefits and accept causing harm on a large scale.
There is killing of all people, animals, and all things. In
addition, during this phase, the destructive toxic information
values from the outside environment continue to be absorbed
by the intellectual wave code fibre of the original negative
energy particle bonded and encoded to form the intelligence
thread of the simulation that produced the black energy
particles. That means that negative information values are
increased and absorbed from the external environment along
with the inheritance of all negative information values
decoded and encoded in previous stages.
The action phase can occur as a single action interacting
with people, animals, and things, or it can be a series of actions
to end the black negative energy particle production phase.
After obtaining the ideology for the production of black
negative energy particles along with being dominated by the
destructive energy particles residing in the soul's structure to
discharge excess heat, the production process of black energy
particle generation occurs as follows:
- As people perform actions that produce black energy
particles, they continue to see and interact with negative
people, methods, and knowledge. That causes their yin and

yang energy embryo to link and encode that toxic information
into the intelligence fibre being simulated in the original yin
energy particle. The process of toxic binding between these
two environments causes negative energy particles in that
person's soul to vibrate very strongly. It causes many
destructive energy particles to move to discharge excess heat.
As a result, the soul and person lose their cognitive ability and
become determined to produce black energy particles.
- However, they will also meet and interact with
positive people, knowledge, and methods to help them and
prevent them from practising the production of black energy
particles. Even though actively discouraged by the
environment, they still commit actions that harm people,
animals, and things to satisfy their interests.
During this action phase, the negative environment and
excess heat of destructive energy are discharged into the soul,
causing the person to disobey and not believe in prevention
and help from positive people. It shows the victory of toxins
in the original negative energy particle and toxins of the
external environment. At the same time, it also demonstrates
the inability of the good elements in the root positive energy
particle when it does not have the power to control the poison
of the root negative particle.
The result of this phase is a very strong electric wave -
carrying intellectual wave code thread that is copied and
produced from the original negative particle's intellectual
wave code thread after it completes the simulation process at
point (3) in the int ellectual wave code fibre. The newly
produced intellectual wave code strand is stored next to the
original yin particle's original intellectual wave code strand.

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Action

Remember, at the end of stage 4 in the reaction chain
that produces black energy particles, there is a lot of negative
heat in the original negative energy particle. That negative
heat results from the reaction process of decoding and
encoding toxic inform ation from the outside environment
with the original negative energy particle when the original
positive energy particle does not have the power to control
and eliminate the toxins. Therefore, negative heat is ideal for
the newly produced negative intellec tual wave code to form
causal energy particles.
Stage 5: The stage of the intellectual wave code
fibre carries very strong electric waves that produce
black causal energy particles:
This phase occurs immediately after the end of the
action or series of actions that produced black energy
particles in the previous phase.
That is the stage where the intellectual wave code fibre
carrying very strong negative electric waves is born after
finishing the action of producing black energy particles, and it
will copy into many intellectual wave code fibres similar to it.
Remember that the newly created negative intelligence wave
code strand has very strong electric waves stored next to the
original negative intelligence wave code strand, and the
copied wisdom wave code strands will move to the extreme
containing the negative energy particles of the mature energy
embryo. Then, they transform into the smallest harmful
energy particles with a black energy state inside. At that time,
several of the smallest particles will join to form aggregate
harmful energy particles and move outside the mature energy
embryo structure to rotate around positive energy particles

with the same internal group information. That creates a
cluster of harmful energy particles in the composite energy
particle structure of the tuelinh. In addition, some particles
will be shot to the outside environment, where the person
creates actions th at produce those black energy particles.
People who suffer damage from actions that produce harmful
energy particles will absorb those negative energy particles.
When those harmful particles move to those people, they will
be transformed into information and negative heat after they
move into their souls. Besides, the smallest particle of
negative energy will be recovered to the processing centre
and operating the cause and effect tree of all tuelinhs and
souls on the central planet.
Thus, at the end of the chain reaction that produces
black energy particles, those toxic energy particles have
become causal energy particles and exist in three regions. It
consists of the tuelinh structure (a wisdom wave code strand
carrying negative electric waves is stored next to the wisdom
wave code strand carrying the original negative electric wave
of the yin particle in the yin and yang embryo, and a
composite energy particle in the tuelinh structure), one
particle is stored in the centre that operates the causal tree in
the central planet. One to many particles are transmitted to
affected people.
In addition, the action process produces black energy
particles that create a negative external environment that
causes others to learn and follow. That is similar to that
person having received toxic information values from the
outside environment.

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Action

Have you noticed anything through the chain reaction
that produces black energy particles? It is the information
circulation mechanism in the rotation mechanism of the yin
and yang energy embryo and the mechanism for creating and
connecting the smallest en ergy particles by the information
reaction process between the internal and external
environment. They form a path of transformation, decay and
destruction when only harmful energy particles with very
strong electric waves are produced while positive and neutral
energy particles are not. That causes the synthetic energy
particle structure in the tuelinh to have many harmful energy
particles in each particle cluster.
So, it is a chain reaction that produces black energy
particles. That is ignorant wisdom in action.
I will analyse a specific situation to help you quickly
identify and prevent your production of black energy
particles.
For example, in the case of black energy particle
production from pig slaughter:
After a young man has accumulated a sum of money, he
wants to sell a specific product to have a good source of
income. After researching and understanding business and
production models, he realised he did not have the
qualifications and expertise to build a business model to
produce or sell certain products. Besides, he also saw people
doing successful business from selling and slaughtering
animals without any professional qualifications or degrees.
Therefore, he researched and learned from them, then
opened a pig slaughterhouse to distribute meat to pork shops
and small supermarkets. After many years of doing pig

slaughtering business, he had a huge source of income, and
his family became wealthy. However, the chain reaction
during the pig slaughter process caused his inner soul to
produce many black energy particles, producing a black
particle for each pig slaughtered.
Now, let's analyse this case of black energy particle
production.
Phase 1: interaction phase to generate the desire to
produce black energy particles:
- That man noticed that many people have rich lives
because they have a production or business model.
- After many years of accumulating a sum of money,
that man realised that he needed a job, business, or
production to have a good source of income for his family and
himself.
- He sees some people own businesses or factories.
However, he realised it takes expertise and many factors to do
what they do.
- He realised that many people do not need professional
qualifications or degrees but still succeed in business, such as
slaughtering or distributing animal meat to supermarkets or
restaurants.
- After interacting and realising that I am suitable for
the business of slaughtering animals and distributing their
meat to supermarkets and butcher shops. He decided to study
and start a pig slaughtering business. After he decided to learn
to be a butcher, in the original negative energy particle of the
energy embryo in his soul, the score (1) was simulated for
producing the black negative energy particle. That also shows

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Action

that the toxicity of the negative energy particle in the yin and
yang embryo has broken out very strongly; it dominates and
controls the original positive energy particle when deciding
to learn the profession of slaughtering for business.
Phase 2: stage of decoding and encoding information
for the production of black energy particles:
- As he watched people get rich from the slaughtering
profession, he became more interested and believed that he
would also succeed. In addition, while learning the
slaughtering profession, he acquired the skills to practice
slaughtering. That shows that t he toxins in the original
negative energy particle of his soul have linked with the
negative information and toxins of the external slaughter
environment to form toxic information values, and they
encoded at the cathode in the vibrational wave code rhythm
segment is being simulated in the intellectual wave code
strand in the original negative energy particle. This process
caused the negative energy particle system and the original
negative energy particle in his soul to vibrate very strongly,
and many destr uctive energy particles picked up the signal.
Then, the destructive energy particles moved to his soul to
discharge the excess heat.
- The process he saw of people succeeding from jobs
that benefit animals and other jobs made him think he could
only be successful with the slaughter business. In addition, he
saw that people in the animal slaughter business did not have
a happy life later on when their families had many problems,
such as the husband and wife divorcing, the husband or wife
dying in an accident, and people even electrocuted to death
while slaughtering animals. However, he did not believe that

it was the result of killing animals, so he denied that
information. He still thinks he will become wealthy and his
family will be happy from pig slaughtering. The positive
information values from the outside environment have been
encoded into the vibratio n code rhythm at the anode, even
though he denies and does not believe them. However, the
toxic nature of the negative energy particle governs and
controls all of those information values.
- The interaction process between the two negative and
positive environments, and the process of reacting to the toxic
information of the negative energy particle in the yin and yang
embryo, has caused the intellectual wave code fibre in the
original negative energy particle to be completely simulated
into a vibrating wave code segment including beats at the
cathode and beats at the anode. As a result, the vibrating wave
code rhythm from point (1) to point (2) in the original
negative intellectual wave code fibre of the original negative
energy particle has been simulated, and it contains a very
strong toxic essence. Besides, the destructive energy
dominates and makes him incapable of perceiving good or
harmful values. That led to him introducing harmful ideology
quickly after.
Stage 3: ideological formation stage for the production
of black energy particles:
- After learning to operate and implement the pig
slaughter model, he started slaughtering and distributing
pork to stores and supermarkets. That shows that he has
acquired the black energy particle production ideology of pig
slaughter. It is a harmful ide ology that kills many pigs to
satisfy his interest in getting rich.

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Action

- After the ideology that produced the black negative
energy particle was created, point (2) in the original
intellectual wave code strand of the original negative energy
particle was simulated. When the black negative energy
particle production ideology w as created, the functions and
tasks for the actions in the production of that negative energy
particle were established. That leads to subsequent actions
that cannot be prevented.
Stage 4: the practice stage of producing black energy
particles in the act of slaughtering pigs:
- He finished building the pig slaughter model, and the
pigs were slaughtered. This process helped him quickly profit
from slaughtering pigs and distributing their meat. When he
finished killing the first pig, the intellectual fibre had already
been simula ted, and it had become a negative intellectual
wave code fibre with very strong electric waves. The next
time the pigs are killed, the intellectual wave code fibres
carrying the negative electric waves are thus born from the
original negative particle's or iginal intellectual wave code
fibres.
- During the pig slaughtering phase, he always denied
positive information for not killing because he thought it was
negative information for him.
- Also, during the slaughter of these pigs, many
destructive energy particles caught the signal and moved into
his soul structure. They dominate and cause him to lose
control of his perception of good and evil values. It causes him
to produce many toxic en ergy particles that he cannot
perceive.

Stage 5: The stage of the negative intellectual wave
code fibre carries very strong electric waves that produce
black causal energy particles:
- Many negative intellectual wave code strands of the
pig slaughtering act are produced and stored next to the
original negative intellectual wave code strand of the original
yin energy particle.
- From the intellectual wave code fibres produced by
slaughtering pigs, they copy into many intellectual wave code
fibres to the yin pole of the mature yin and yang energy
embryo to transform into the smallest energy particles. Then,
those particles bond t ogether to form synthetic harmful
energy particles and move to aggregate positive particle
clusters related to startup and business content. It causes
aggregate energy particle clusters with startup and business
content to have multiple harmful energy particles.
- The smallest black energy particles are collected in the
processing centre of the cause and effect tree of the tuelinhs
and souls on the central planet.
- Black energy particles bombarded those who
participated and interacted with him during the pig slaughter
process.
Thus, the chain of reactions that produces black energy
particles of that man with the content of slaughtering pigs
only ends when he stops doing that business or ends his
human life. After he killed the first pig in his business, the
original negative intellectual wave code thread completed the
simulation and produced the first black causal energy
particles. The next time the pigs are killed, the original
negative intellectual wave code fibre in the original yin energy

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Action

particle will give birth to new negative intellectual wave code
fibres. They are further encoded with slaughter images,
sounds and languages of the people, the pig's squeal, and his
emotions into those strands of intellectual wave code. They
then continue to transform into causal energy particles."
A student immediately said, "Teacher, those acts of
slaughter are truly terrifying. Suppose you do not explain and
analyze the example of the reaction process that produces the
black negative energy particle. In that case, we will not see the
danger of structural decomposition in the tuelinh."
The Teacher said, "The cause and effect for those who
practice slaughtering is that they will have to experience
many lives in the form of pigs. If, in this life, he slaughters 100
pigs, he will have to experience 100 lifetimes of staying in the
form of pi gs to experience the suffering of being killed. That
experience happened very quickly. Then, he will experience
many lifetimes with many different types of illnesses. After
those experiences, his soul will become aware of his toxins
and become a good perso n to practice producing positive
energy particles.
Don't think that him having to reincarnate in the body
of a pig is a punishment for him. It's not a punishment; it's a
help for him to recognize his toxicity. If he reincarnates as a
human after that human life as a slaughterer, he will inherit
the toxicit y and experience of slaughtering to continue
slaughtering on a larger scale. Then his soul will decay very
quickly, and the chance of survival for that soul is zero."