Chapter Seventy-Seven

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of
Ignorance in Spreading False Knowledge

"In today's lecture, we continue to explore the reaction
that produces energy particles of ignorance in the spread of
false knowledge," the Teacher said when the class started.
There were still voices of students talking.
After no more talking from the students, the Teacher
asked the students, "After going through two lessons about
the reaction that produces grey negative energy particles and
black negative energy particles, do you see anything special in
there?"
The students looked at each other and didn't seem to
find anything special in those two lectures to answer the
Teacher. After that, a student answered the Teacher,
"Teacher, I see that all stages of the energy particle
production process are important and special knowledge
because it is crystallized from the knowledge that the Teacher
taught about the nature and operating mechanism of energy
particles. I can't find any other special things, Teacher."

The Teacher replied, "There is one special thing that
you need to remember: the attack of destructive energy
particles. It would help if you remembered that when people
create, nurture, and develop negative thoughts to satisfy their
selfish interests, destructive energy particles will attack and
release redundant heat into the soul structure. That shows
that the toxins of the original negative energy particle
manifest and develop and that the information waves in the
soul cannot circulate because the destructive energy particles
are controlling and dominating the soul's structure. Next,
negative actions cause destructive energy particles to attack
the soul structure. In addition, the negative environment
connected with negative thoughts and actions will caus e the
negative energy particle system of the tuelinh to vibrate more
strongly and more destructive energy particles to attack the
soul structure. Those are special things, and they are
extremely dangerous if you cannot recognize them and
transform them whe n reactions produce negative energy
particles in your soul. You must always remember the stages
and situations where destructive energy particles attack so
that when you practice producing sustainable energy
particles, you will quickly transform the state of thinking in
your brain and soul to detonate destructive energy particles."
After sipping hot morning tea, the Teacher continued
his lecture, "Do you remember the energy particles that have
the wisdom of ignorance in spreading false knowledge? It is a
blood-red negative energy particle with super strong electric
waves. The charact eristics of this type of negative energy
particle are: it contains the highest amount of toxins among
all types of harmful energy particles, has the highest false

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Spreading False Knowledge

information value, has a super fast vibration speed, and can
absorb negative heat and toxic information from the outside
environment is super strong, and the properties of this
particle can destroy physical structures at a super strong
level.
You also understand the wisdom of ignorance in
spreading false knowledge, which is the wisdom of not
understanding the truth of yourself, all things, events and
phenomena. Therefore, people cling to and stick to the
interactive contents of the four forms o f Tao to satisfy their
interests and spread false knowledge about sustainable
development. It harms people, animals, and things on a very
large scale, and there is killing in it.
You also know that the wisdom of the tuelinh and soul
creates the wisdom of ignorance in spreading false knowledge
about sustainable human development. That ignorant
wisdom of the tuelinh and soul is created by the structure of
the yin and yang energy embr yo. It is a type of yin and yang
energy embryo made up of a blood -red negative energy
particle with super strong electric waves, or a yin and yang
energy embryo that transforms the original yin energy
particle at the level of super strong electric waves. P eople
with the tuelinh or soul inside possessing a yin -yang energy
embryo with blood -red yin energy particles will always
produce blood-red yin energy particles.
In addition, people with the tuelinhs or souls have the
nature of wisdom, ignorance in ideology and ignorance in
actions; they can also produce energy particles with the
wisdom of ignorance in spreading false knowledge about
sustainable development. Remember, the tuelinhs and souls

with ignorant wisdom in the ideology have yin and yang
energy embryos that are made up of a grey energy particle
with strong electric waves, and all kinds of yin and yang
energy embryos are in the process of converting original
negative energy particle at the level of strong electric waves.
The tuelinhs and souls with ignorant wisdom in action are
formed from yin and yang energy embryos with the black yin
energy particle with very strong electric waves and yin and
yang energy embryos that are in the process of
transformation of the original negative energy particle at the
level of very strong electric waves.
You need to remember that, when participating in the
reaction process of producing ignorant energy particles in
spreading false knowledge about sustainable development,
the tuelinhs and souls have the nature of ignorant wisdom in
actions, ignorance in ideology, and ignorance in the spread of
false knowledge; they all quickly produce this type of energy
particle.
Let's call the ignorant energy particles in spreading
false knowledge about sustainable development blood -red
energy particles. Please remember this so you understand
other types of harmful energy particles. In addition, you must
also not forget that blood-red energy particles have the most
potent toxins, negative waves, false information, and
destructive properties among harmful energy particles.
Next, you need to remember that the reaction process
that produces blood -red energy particles involves four
environmental groups, specifically:
- The internal environment group is the yin and yang
energy embryo of the person who produces the blood-red yin

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Spreading False Knowledge

energy particle. Those are the information values of the
original positive energy particle and the information values of
the original negative energy particle. It is the information
reaction between the original positive and negative energy
particles.
- The external positive environment group is positive
people, knowledge, methods, and information. This
environment contains positive information values and
promotes the sustainable development of the tuelinhs,
humans, animals, and all things in and outsid e the universe.
These are informational values with characteristics of
sustainable development, informational values that spread
sustainable development values, solidarity values to spread
sustainable development values together, and the knowledge
of complete enlightenment.
- The negative external environment group is negative
people, knowledge, methods, and information. This
environment contains negative information values and
destroys the sustainable development of the tuelinhs,
humans, animals, and everything in and out of the universe.
These are informational values with an ignorant intellectual
nature in ideology, informational values with an ignorant
intellectual nature in action, and informational values with an
ignorant intellectual nature in the diffusion of false
knowledge.
- Groups of destructive energy particles in the external
environment. That is a group of energy particles with two
values for all things in the universe. One is to cause decay and
destruction, and the other creates sustainable development
for intelligence and all life forms in the universe.

It would help if you remembered that the practice
environment in the human world built by the first tuelinh
ensures the entire interaction of all four environmental
groups to support the tuelinhs and souls practice their ability
to detonate destructive energy in the process of decoding the
secrets of oneself, all things, events, and phenomena in and
outside the universe. Therefore, in any reactions that produce
energy particles through the four forms of Tao in the human
world, each person must interact and react with three types
of external environment.
You have already learned about the conference to unify
the practice path of the Tuelinh Council before they
transformed into humans. That is the image of small
poisonous snakes hiding in a plate of white food powder, a big
poisonous snake slithering into t he bush, and a small toxic
snake slithering into the bush afterwards. Then came the
words of the first tuelinh, "To save all tuelinhs, I must use
toxin to remove the toxin in them." In these lectures, you will
have discovered the meaning of the reactions t hat produce
energy particles. That is the method of using toxin to
stimulate toxin, then finding a mechanism to create
sustainable energy particles. Toxins are present in the
negative energy particles of the yin and yang embryos of each
tuelinh and soul, i n each person and all things, and in the
destructive energy particles. Good elements exist in the
positive particles of every tuelinh, soul, person, and
everything. The process of interaction between the internal
environment of the yin and yang energy embr yo with the
three external environments creates a reaction that uses

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Spreading False Knowledge

toxins to detoxify and finds a mechanism to produce
sustainable energy particles.
The reaction process that produces blood -red energy
particles includes five stages:
- Stage 1: The generation stage wishes to produce
blood-red energy particles.
- Stage 2: Decoding and encoding information in the yin
and yang energy embryo.
- Phase 3: Ideology creation phase to produce blood -
red energy particles.
- Phase 4: Action phase to produce blood -red energy
particles.
- Stage 5: The intellectual wave code fibre stage has
super strong electric waves that produce blood -red causal
energy particles.
And now, let's explore the evolution of the reaction
process that produces blood-red energy particles.
Please look at the blood -red negative energy particle
and the wisdom wave code thread with its three -point and
two-segment structure.

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Spreading False Knowledge

Stage 1: The stage of generating the desire to
produce blood-red negative energy particles:
That is when people interact with the external
environment until the desire to produce blood -red energy
particles arises.
You also know why the tuelinh life form has to
incarnate as a human to practice in the human world. They
have difficulty maturing because they cannot detonate
destructive energy to produce sustainable energy particles.
They do not have magical powers like the first tuelinh. The
destruction of baby tuelinhs, and the destruction of life forms
in the universe is the reason why the first tuelinh had to create
a practice environment for the tuelinh life forms to help them
practice detonate destructive energy through an environment
of nothing but suffering on earth.
The first tuelinh made it impossible for them to use
their ability to manipulate energy, like on the central planet,
to help them create reactions that produce sustainable energy
particles when they incarnate as humans. That means their
desires will not be satisfied when they live in the human
world. It would help if you remembered this to understand
why the chain reaction that produces particles occurs. What
they want will not be achieved, which is the opposite of life on
the central planet. When they like to have something, they can
transform it and enjoy that joy. However, in the human world,
they cannot fly, transform, or transform into things when they
need them. That is wanting but not being satisfied. From
wanting but not being satisfied, combined with the fact that
they have to stay in a simple material body, they become
trapped, vicious and suffer in their body because of the things

they want but cannot have or transform into. Therefore, they
begin to enter the chain of reactions that produce energy
particles in all the interactions of the four forms of Tao in the
human world.
How does the beginning of the journey produce blood-
red energy particles occur? It is initiated by the generation
stage of the desire to produce blood -red energy particles. It
would help if you remembered that humans do not wish to
produce blood-red energy particles because they do not know
about those energy particles and their toxins. You must
understand that the actions of spreading false knowledge
about sustainable development to satisfy your interests are
actions that cause consequences on a vast scale , including
killing people, animals, and all things; they will form into
blood-red energy particles. Therefore, when I say that people
want to produce blood -red energy particles, you must
understand that people want to satisfy their interests and
spread false knowledge about sustainable development.
The journey of generating one's desire to produce
blood-red energy particles goes as follows:
- First, the person must interact in their living and
working environment, or they have access to information
from a specific environment, even if by chance. Accessing that
information causes them to compare themselves and the
subjects of the environment with which they interact.
- Next, the person realizes they are different from the
subjects they have interacted with. They may see that this
religion has more followers than that religion. This religion
has more good things than other religions. Religion is better
than this belief. This knowledge brings more fame than that

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Spreading False Knowledge

knowledge. Our country is poor while another country is rich.
Our government has no natural resources, while another
country has many natural resources. Others are rich while
they are inadequate. Others have status while they do not.
Someone else has a lover while they don't have one. Someone
else has a house while they don't have one. Someone else has
children while they don't have any. Someone else is happy
while they are not happy. Someone else has many talents and
assets while they don't have them. Othe rs are healthy while
they are sick. Others have a life of enjoyment while they
struggle. Others are respected, while others are not. Others
have businesses while they are without. Some are famous,
while others are not. Other people's children are happy while
their children are not, and other forms of the four forms of
Tao.
- That comparison and recognition will take place over
a short period of time or over a long time.
- The person's comparison and recognition process
occurs in positive and negative environments. That is, they
will see that there is knowledge that helps people build moral
values, and there is knowledge that makes people live without
morality. Some religi ons are very strict, and some religions
are not strict. There are extreme nationalisms and knowledge
that unite peoples. Some countries are rich because they
invade and create wars, and others are rich because they get
many talents for the country. Some people get rich from trying
to study and work honestly, and some people get rich through
acts of profiteering or harming others. Some people have
status that comes from talent and morality, and people who
gain status from using money or connections to get.

After interacting in different environments, they
become eager to produce blood -red energy particles from
things they have and do not have, or love and hate, or have
intelligence and no intelligence, or to beg and not to beg, or to
act and not to act. Ultimately, they realized they could achieve
their desires and satisfy their benefits by accepting the spread
of false knowledge about sustainable development to cause
significant harm to everyone, animals, and all things.
Generating the purpose of satisfying one's benefits and
accepting to cause harm to people, animals, and things on a
vast scale is that person's goal after interacting with different
environments. It is the fact that that person has given rise to
the purpose of producing blood-red energy particles.
When the goal arises to produce blood -red energy
particles, it shows that the original negative energy particle in
the yin and yang embryo of the soul inside that person has
super strong electric waves and toxins, and the original
positive energy particle does not have the power to control
the original negative energy particle. That means that a
person's intelligence is at a level of ignorance in spreading
false knowledge about sustainable development. It is an
ideology that satisfies their interests and ac cepts the spread
of false knowledge about sustainable development to harm
people, animals, and everything on a large scale.
When the desire to produce blood-red energy particles
arose, the intellectual wave code strand of the original
negative energy particle synthesized its toxins with the toxins
of information from the outside environment. That toxic
information caused the or iginal negative intellectual wave

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Spreading False Knowledge

code strand to simulate point (1) in the intelligent wave code
strand.
Stage 2: The stage of decoding and encoding
information in the yin and yang energy embryo:
That is the stage of decoding and encoding information
from the external environment after the desire to produce
blood-red energy particles arises. This stage will create
vibrational wave code rhythms from point (1) to point (2) in
the intellectual wave code thread of the blood -red negative
energy particle.
Remember, at this stage, it has already shown the yin
and yang embryonic nature of the soul within the human
being. They have a yin and yang energy embryo, with the
original yin energy particle being a blood -red, grey, or black
yin particle. Because of tha t, the poison of that original
negative energy particle has the power to dominate the
positive energy particle, and it will quickly absorb toxic
information without accepting good information from the
outside environment while decoding and encoding
information.
During this stage, the destructive energy particles will
be stimulated by the vibration waves of the original negative
energy particles with the negative environment to move into
the yin and yang embryo and the soul. That is the ideal
condition to detonate them if positive energy particles can
control harmful particles and information from the outside
environment. However, in the reaction that produces blood -
red particles, the root -positive particle does not have the
power to do that. Therefore, the destruc tion of the energy

particle becomes death for the yin and yang energy embryo
and the tuelinh.
Because the goal after interacting with the external
environment is to produce blood -red energy particles, it
represents the nature of the toxic yin and yang energy embryo
and the vibration speed of the original negative energy
particle at a super strong level. That causes people to decode
and encode information from the external environment as
follows:
- First, that person finds a negative environment that
has information similar to the toxic information that is
controlling their yin and yang embryo. In this environment,
they meet people, knowledge, and methods with similar
views on satisfying their inte rests and accept causing very
large-scale consequences and killing people, animals, and all
things. The emerging toxins of the root negative energy
particle bind with the toxins of the negative outside
environment, causing the root negative energy particle and
the entire system of yin energy particles in that person's soul
to vibrate super strongly. That causes many particles of
destructive energy to pick up the signal, moving towards the
person to discharge their excess heat. As the destructive
energy part icles move into the soul structure, the negative
energy particle clusters lose control and become corrupted as
the destructive particles transfer excess heat. As a result, the
soul becomes incapable of circulating information waves
throughout the entire pa rticle structure. That causes the
person's soul to gradually lose the ability to perceive and
distinguish the information value of the external
environment. As a result of the interaction in this negative

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Spreading False Knowledge

environment, the desire to produce blood -red energy
particles becomes more intense. Besides, the first vibrational
wave code segment is formed at the negative pole with the
crystallization of toxins inside the original negative particle of
the soul with th e toxic information values of the negative
external environment.
- Next, that person interacts in a positive environment,
where people, methods, and knowledge characterize
sustainable development and the true nature of all things.
These positive information values are transmitted to that
person. Still, they are denied b ecause the negative energy
particle in the yin and yang embryo is dominant and does not
receive positive information. Interacting in a positive
environment has caused that person's yin and yang energy
embryo to receive positive information values even thou gh
that person constantly refutes and does not want to accept.
That creates a conflict between the original negative particle's
toxic information and the outside environment's positive
information. That reaction process creates a vibrating wave
code at the positive pole in the intellectual wave code.
Because the yin and yang energy embryo is being dominated
by the toxins of the original yin energy particle, those positive
information values are still dominated and have no power
even though they are encoded into the vibration code rhythm
of the strand of intellectual wave code in the original negative
particle.
- The person's interaction process between two
positive and negative environments occurs continuously over
time. That makes decoding and encoding information of the
yin and yang energy embryo fierce and stressful. Vibration

wave code rhythms contain negative information values of
the external environment due to binding with the toxins of the
original yin particles formed. In addition, vibrational wave
codes containing positive information values of the external
environment co ntinue to be formed. Still, they are blocked
and controlled by the toxins of the original negative energy
particle.
Completing the process of decoding and encoding
information from the outside environment causes the blood -
red negative energy particle to be simulated to produce
additional vibration code from point (1) to point (2) in the
intellectual wave code of the original negative energy particle.
This vibrating wave code segment encodes all the toxic
information values of the external environment in the
vibrating wave code beats at the cathode, and it encodes part
of the positive information values in the vibrating wave code
beats at the positive pole. However, all vibratory wave code
beats demonstrate the toxic nature of the original negative
energy particle. Do you know why? Because only the original
negative energy particle reacts to encode toxic information
about the external environment, while the original positive
energy particle does not have enough strength to evaluate the
information value of the external environment and control
the negative energy particle. Therefore, only the original
negative energy particl e participates in the production
reaction in the production process of blood -red energy
particles. In the mind dharma lesson, you have also learned
that the information values are encoded in the intellectual
wave codes that create the dharma refute dharma, and the
dharma unites dharma. In this case, the vibrations at the

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Spreading False Knowledge

negative pole are the dharma that unifies dharma, and the
vibrations at the positive pole are the dharma that refutes
dharma. The toxins and false information of the original
negative energy particle oppose the external environment's
positive information to form vibrating wave code rhythms at
the positive pole. The toxins and false information of the
original negative energy particle combine with the toxins and
false information of the external environment to form
vibrating wave code rhythms at the negative pole.
In addition to the original negative energy particle
simulating the new vibration code for the black negative
particle production process, the destructive energy particles
attack the soul structure in vast numbers. That causes the
information waves in that soul not to circulate to create heat
that detonates destructive energy, and that person's soul
becomes out of control. They cannot perceive negative and
positive information values of themselves and the external
environment. They only exist in the desire to satisfy the goal
that they have generated from the very first stage.
You must understand that, when the toxins of the
tuelinh and soul erupt to practice the mechanism of
producing blood-red energy particles, they do not believe and
always reject the positive information values from the outside
environment, whether it is enl ightened knowledge.
Therefore, they only set the goal of producing blood -red
energy particles. Only by experiencing the suffering of the
consequences they create can they understand truth, their
nature, and the informational values of the external
environment.

At the end of decoding and encoding information from
the external environment, the reaction process of producing
blood-red energy particles switches to the stage of creating
the ideology of ignorance in the production of blood -red
energy particles.
However, for those who have learned enlightened
knowledge from the two truths and the smallest energy
particle, there is an understanding of the reactions that
produce black energy particles within them. Therefore, even
if they have acquired the ideology t hat produces blood -red
energy particles, as long as they remember the enlightened
knowledge and do not transform it into action, no negative
energy particles will be produced. Of course, that is the case
of learning and understanding enlightened knowledge and
having help from enlightened people in the outside
environment. Therefore, the purpose of me giving these
lectures to you is not for you to produce negative energy
particles but to help you understand and eliminate the
process of producing negative ene rgy particles if you are
creating those reactions.
Phase 3: Ideology creation phase to produce
blood-red energy particles:
That stage produces the ideology of ignorance for
producing blood-red energy particles.
This stage of creating ideology is the inheritance of all
the results of decoding and encoding information in the
previous stage. The super potent toxins and toxic information
of the original negative particle have dominated and
controlled the original positive energy particle to generate the
ideology for producing blood-red energy particles. Therefore,

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Spreading False Knowledge

the harmful information of the negative energy particle is
easily linked with the damaging information with destructive
properties of the external environment to encode into a
vibrating wave code. That means that the yin and yang energy
embryo of the soul inside the human being does not have the
power of the yang particle to decode the truth of information
values in the external environment, so the original yin energy
particle decodes wrong and encodes them into its intellectual
wave code strand to form the ideology at point (2) in the
intellectual wave code strand.
The ideology created at this stage results from
ideological struggle, also known as the result of people's
thinking process. It is a thought to refute the positive
information values of people, methods, and knowledge that
are characterized by sustainable d evelopment, spread the
values of sustainable development, and unite to spread
sustainable development values. Besides that, there are
thoughts to accept the satisfaction of one's benefits and to
accept very large -scale destruction and killing of people,
animals, and all things.
Indeed, developing an ideology that satisfied their
interests was a fierce and painful struggle. That shows that
when the tuelinhs and souls dwell in a simple body and are
unsatisfied by nothing but extreme suffering and pressure,
they release toxins and produce reactions to generate blood-
red energy particles based on their nature and the
environment with which they interact.
When the blood -red energy particle production
ideology is created, the simulation process to make the blood-
red energy particle's intellectual wave code fibre of the root

negative energy particle's intelligent wave code fibre has
reached creating point (2) in the intellectual wave code fibre.
When a point (2) is created, it begins the action phase in the
following stage. Besides, it also shows the person's failure to
recognize and eliminate toxins and ignorance of the truth of
themselves and others, of all things in and out of the universe.
Phase 4: Action phase to produce blood -red
energy particles:
That is the stage of inheriting the functions and tasks
specified in point (2) in the ideology, which is to act to satisfy
personal benefits and accept causing harm on a vast scale.
There is the killing of all people, animals, and all things from
spreading false knowledge about the sustainable
development of humanity. In addition, during this phase, the
destructive toxic information values from the outside
environment continue to be absorbed by the intellectual wave
code fibre of the original negative energy particle bonded and
encoded to form the intelligence thread of the simulation that
produced the blood -red energy particles. That means that
negative information values are increased and absorbed from
the external environment along with the inheritance of all
negative information values decoded and encoded in
previous stages.
The action phase can occur as a single action interacting
with people, animals, and things, or it can be a series of actions
to end the blood -red negative energy particle production
phase.
After obtaining the ideology for the production of
blood-red energy particles along with being dominated by the
destructive energy particles residing in the soul's structure to

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Spreading False Knowledge

discharge excess heat, the production process of blood -red
energy particle generation occurs as follows:
- As people perform actions that produce blood -red
energy particles, they continue to see and interact with
negative people, methods, and knowledge. That causes their
yin and yang energy embryo to link and encode that toxic
information into the intelligence fibre being simulated in the
original yin energy particle. The process of toxic binding
between these two environments causes negative energy
particles in that person's soul to vibrate super strongly. It
causes many destructive energy particles to move t o
discharge excess heat. As a result, the soul and person lose
their cognitive ability and become determined to produce
blood-red energy particles.
- However, they will also meet and interact with
positive people, knowledge, and methods to help them and
prevent them from practising the production of blood -red
energy particles. Even though actively discouraged by the
environment, they still commit acti ons that spread false
knowledge about sustainable development to satisfy their
interests.
During this action phase, the negative environment and
excess heat of destructive energy are discharged into the soul,
causing the person to disobey and not believe in prevention
and help from positive people. It shows the victory of toxins
in the original negative energy particle and toxins of the
external environment. At the same time, it also demonstrates
the inability of the good elements in the root positive energy
particle when it does not have the power to control the poison
of the root negative particle.

The result of this phase is a super strong electric wave-
carrying intellectual wave code thread that is copied and
produced from the original negative particle's intellectual
wave code thread after it completes the simulation process at
point (3) in the in tellectual wave code fibre. The newly
produced intellectual wave code strand is stored next to the
original yin particle's original intellectual wave code strand.
Remember, at the end of stage 4 in the reaction chain
that produces blood -red energy particles, there is a lot of
negative heat in the original negative energy particle. That
negative heat results from the reaction process of decoding
and encoding toxic information from the outside environment
with the original negative energy particle when the original
positive energy particle does not have the power to control
and eliminate the toxins. Therefore, negative heat is ideal for
the newly produced negative inte llectual wave code to form
causal energy particles.
Stage 5: The stage of the intellectual wave code
fibre carries super strong electric waves that produce
blood-red causal energy particles:
This phase occurs immediately after the end of the
action or series of actions that produced blood -red energy
particles in the previous phase.
That is the stage where the intellectual wave code fibre
carrying super strong negative electric waves is born after
finishing the action of producing blood -red energy particles,
and it will copy into many intellectual wave code fibres
similar to it. Remem ber that the newly created negative
intelligence wave code strand has super strong electric waves
stored next to the original negative intelligence wave code

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Spreading False Knowledge

strand, and the copied wisdom wave code strands will move
to the extreme containing the negative energy particles of the
mature energy embryo. Then, they transform into the
smallest harmful energy particles with a blood -red energy
state inside. At that time, several of the smallest particles will
join to form aggregate harmful energy particles and move
outside the mature energy embryo structure to rotate around
positive energy particles with the same internal group
information. That creates a cluster of harmful energy particles
in the composite energy particle structure of the tuelinh. In
addition, some particles will be shot into the outside
environment, where the person creates actions that produce
those blood-red energy particles. People who suffer damage
from actions that produce harmful energy particles will
absorb those negative energy particles. When those harmful
particles move to those people, they will be transformed into
information and negative heat after they move into their
souls. Besides, the smallest particle of negative energy will be
recovered to the processing centre and operating the cause
and effect tree of all tuelinhs and souls on the central planet.
Thus, at the end of the chain reaction that produces
blood-red energy particles, those toxic energy particles have
become causal energy particles and exist in three regions. It
consists of the tuelinh structure (a wisdom wave code strand
with super strong negative electric waves stored next to the
wisdom wave code strand carrying the original negative
electric wave of the yin particle in the yin and yang embryo,
and a composite energy particle in the tuelinh structure), one
particle is stored in the centre that operates the causal tree in

the central planet. One to many particles are transmitted to
affected people.
In addition, the action process produces blood -red
energy particles that create a negative external environment
that causes others to learn and follow. That is similar to that
person having received toxic information values from the
outside environment.
Have you noticed anything through the chain reaction
that produces blood -red energy particles? It is the
information circulation mechanism in the rotation
mechanism of the yin and yang energy embryo and the
mechanism for creating and connecting the smalles t energy
particles by the information reaction process between the
internal and external environment. They form a path of
transformation, decay and destruction when only harmful
energy particles with super strong electric waves are
produced while positive and neutral energy particles are not.
That causes the synthetic energy particle structure in the
tuelinh to have many harmful energy particles in each particle
cluster.
Thus, a chain of reactions produces blood -red energy
particles, negative energy particles of ignorance in spreading
false knowledge about sustainable development.
I will give you a few examples of actions that produce
blood-red energy particles from spreading false knowledge
about sustainable development to people, animals, and
everything for you to understand. However, in those
examples, I will not analyze the reac tion process that
produces blood-red energy particles. I leave that task to you,
and you should explore the reaction chain of blood-red energy

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Spreading False Knowledge

particles based on the five reaction stages and from the
examples I analyzed in the previous two lessons. Remember,
at the end of producing blood -red energy particles, that
person's yin-yang energy embryo will produce many blood -
red energy particles to for m synthetic negative energy
particles for linking with the structure of the tuelinh.
Example 1: The case of producing blood -red energy
particles from the act of spreading superstitious knowledge in
religion and belief:
After studying and cultivating various methods in a
religion, a young man becomes knowledgeable about worship
rituals, meditation, and other methods of practice. However,
the knowledge he learned did not help him know the truth
about his origin, his practi ce mission and the process of
achieving true enlightenment. Still, he thought he had great
wisdom in his religion and deserved a high position and
respect from everyone. That was his dream, as he saw it from
other practitioners in his religion and differen t religions. To
do that, he asked for support from his connections and used
his abilities to lead people into the mystery of supplication
rituals. To attract more followers, he created stories about
legends and the ability to communicate with the world aft er
people died to entice people to follow him. From then on, he
became famous and wealthy. Because he propagated
superstitious knowledge such as prayer rituals, and the
knowledge he taught did not help people know the truth
about the origin, mission and me thods to complete the
practice mission, it caused people to be immersed in
superstition without seeing the path to sustainable
transformation. Therefore, the process by which he spread

false knowledge and performed rituals caused him to produce
countless blood-red yin energy particles. The consequences
he caused to people were immense when many people
received false information about the practice path and
believed in praying and giving e verything from Buddha or
God. After that, those people continued to spread that
knowledge everywhere, and it caused many people to study
and practice producing harmful energy particles without
knowing the truth about the origin and mission of cultivating
the human world. The damage he caused was immense, and it
caused the souls and tuelinhs to decay more and more as they
produced more negative energy particles.
Example 2: the story about the destruction of the
harmony and solidarity of Buddha's sangha:
During Buddha's enlightenment and spreading of
enlightened knowledge in the human world, many brothers in
his royal family studied and practised spreading his
enlightened knowledge among his disciples. Among the
disciples who were brothers of the Buddha, t here was a
disciple named Devadatta, who had always been jealous of the
Buddha from childhood until he followed him to practice. This
disciple could meditate and have supernatural powers, so he
thought he had more wisdom than Buddha. That's why he
tried ma ny times to harm Buddha to gain the position of
leading Buddha's Sangha but was unsuccessful. He conspired
with Brahmanical people and a prince of a country to
repeatedly plot to harm him and committed acts of killing a
woman when slandering Buddha failed. In addition, many
disciples of Buddha died because of those cruel acts.

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Spreading False Knowledge

Because of his hatred for Buddha many lifetimes ago, he
could not eliminate the poison in the original negative energy
particle. Therefore, hatred makes him unable to perceive who
Buddha is and what Buddha's mission is. In his thoughts and
ideas, he always believed that he had more wisdom than
Buddha and deserved respect, while his disciples only
respected Buddha but did not respect him.
After many failed attempts to harm him, he decided to
use supernatural powers and other principles of practice with
Buddha to attract Buddha's disciples to follow him. He
propagated to Buddha's disciples that his training method
was superior to Buddha's, i n addition to using his
supernatural powers and meditation abilities to lure
Buddha's students to follow him. Because Buddha understood
the toxins of his disciples and the fact that they had to
experience tribulation scenarios to help them recognize and
eliminate toxins, the Buddha did not prevent his disciples
from leaving him to follow Devadatta.
After that, many disciples of Buddha left Buddha to
follow Devadatta. However, after years of following Devadatta
to study, those people had no achievements. At the same time,
Buddha's disciples, whom Buddha taught actual enlightened
knowledge, became enli ghtened beings and are teaching
knowledge everywhere. That made many disciples who had
left Buddha realize the truth and return to Buddha. Of course,
Buddha welcomed them back when they realized their
mistakes and toxins.
Devadatta's destruction of the harmony and unity of
Buddha's sangha caused his soul to produce countless blood-
red energy particles. In addition, no one believes in him

anymore, and he has to live alone and suffer because of the
negative karma he created. In the end, he died without having
the chance to repent before Buddha for the sins he had
committed.
Please remember that spreading false knowledge about
sustainable development, especially about the origin, practice
mission, and methods to complete the practice mission of the
tuelinhs and souls, will cause those people to produce
countless blood-red energy particles. In addition, destroying
the harmony of the sangha and spreading enlightened
wisdom like the Buddha's time will cause those people to
make numerous blood-red energy particles. Please remember
that carefully, so you don't practice it because th at is a super
strong and hazardous level of decomposed transmutation."
A student immediately asked the Teacher, "Teacher, in
the case of my friends who are practising under their teachers
in religions, and I see them practising superstitious rituals.
Especially in their teaching knowledge, they misrepresent the
origin, missio n, and method of enlightenment. So, should I
advise my friends to leave their Teacher? I'm confused about
that after listening to your lecture. I hope you can guide me
and everyone else about my confusion."
The Teacher said, "Suffering is the nature of the
practice environment in the human world so that the tuelinhs
and souls can understand themselves, everyone and
everything in and outside the universe. The interactive
scenarios in the four forms of the Tao are to help them achieve
that understanding. Your understanding of enlightened
knowledge is a wonderful thing for you. However, it would
help if you did not force yourself to help your friends and

Reaction Produces Energy Particles of Ignorance in Spreading False Knowledge

others realize the truth about every issue. You need to share
with your friends and everyone about the origin, mission and
method of attaining the unified Tao of the universe, especially
about the mechanism of producing energy particles. From
there, let ev erything happen naturally after everyone has
heard your knowledge. That means you don't have to worry
or feel like you're destroying the teacher-student relationship
of those uniting to spread false knowledge about sustainable
development. You must underst and that by uniting and
spreading false values about development, they are
producing the most harmful negative energy particles
together, and the path of destruction is happening very
quickly for them. Do you understand what you need to do?"
The student replied, "Teacher, I understand what you
are saying. I will try to share enlightened knowledge with
them. Thank you for guiding me."