Chapter Seventy-Eight

Destructive Energy Detonation Method

Before starting a new lecture, the Teacher looked at the
hot teapot on the table and asked the students, "Please tell me
how to boil water to make tea?"
A student answered, "If you want to have boiling water
to make tea, you have to pour water into an electric kettle and
boil it with electricity, or pour water into a pot and boil it with
something that can burn, teacher."
The Teacher continued, "Thank you. Thus, if you want
to have boiling water, you must boil water; if you're going to
boil water, you must have a tool to store water and heat from
electricity or fire.
So, please tell me how I can have cups of tea that are
both hot and delicious?"
A student replied, "Teacher, you must have a teapot,
boiling water, and good tea. Then, pour some tea into the pot
and pour boiling water in. Next, pour the water from the
teapot you just put in. Then, you pour boiling water in and
wait a few minutes for the tea to be delicious. Finally, you pour
the tea into a cup and enjoy it. To get delicious tea, it depends

on factors such as the teapot's material, the boiling water's
temperature, the tea's quality, and the brewing time."
The Teacher said, "That's wonderful, thank you. Is there
any way to have boiling water without having to boil it? Is
there a way to drink cups of tea without brewing it in a
teapot?"
The students answered, "Teacher, the only way is to
buy boiling water and tea from the store that sells boiling
water and tea. That way, the drinker won't have to boil water
and make tea."
The Teacher continued, "So the person selling boiling
water still has to boil water to sell, and the person selling tea
still has to brew tea to have tea to sell. I mean, you don't need
to do anything and still have boiling water when you need it,
and you don't need to make tea and still have delicious tea to
drink. Does anyone know how to do that?"
A student said, "Teacher, the tuelinhs living on the
central planet often use their thoughts to create the things
they want and enjoy them through manipulating energy
particles to create them. For humans, the only way is to
imagine having delicious cups of tea without heating water
and brewing tea in a teapot. However, it is imagined
enjoying."
The Teacher continued to ask, "Please tell me that to
detonate destructive energy particles, does it mean that just
thinking about them being detonated will cause them to be
detonated?"
A male student replied, "Teacher, if just thinking could
detonate the energy of destruction, all tuelinhs would not

Destructive Energy Detonation Method

have to incarnate as humans to practice the reactions that
detonate them. I understand that to detonate destructive
energy, there must be methods and techniques to do that.
That is why the tuelinhs must incarnate as humans to learn
and practice that job."
The Teacher said, "That's right. Detonating destructive
energies is like if people want to drink delicious cups of tea,
they must have tools to boil water, tools to make tea, good
quality teas, and tea-making techniques.
If you want to have delicious tea, you must ensure there
is enough heat, compression and pressure from the tea
brewing tools so that the substances in the tea dissolve into
the water. Hot water and a tea kettle are the two best tools to
do that.
Therefore, to detonate destructive energy particles,
you must ensure enough heat, compression and pressure by
the tool to detonate them. They are the human form.
If you want to detonate destructive energy particles,
you must have all the tools and elements involved in
detonating them. The tools and factors to detonate them are
the human body, the soul or the tuelinh, the ideology, and the
actions that create human reactions. Do you know? We must
learn and practice the detonation technique to magically
detonate destructive energy particles and enjoy their heat for
sustainable energy particle production in the tuelinh or soul.
That is the mission that the tuelinhs mus t incarnate as
humans to learn and practice that technique, but we cannot
use their imagination to detonate them.
Hey you! Congratulations on learning half of the
technique for detonating destructive energy particles from

the negative energy particle production reaction lessons. Half
of those techniques have all levels, from simple to super
complex. And in today's lesson, you will learn half of the
method left for detonating destructive energy particles."
The students heard the Teacher say they had learned
half of the technique for detonating destructive energy
particles from reactions that produce harmful energy
particles, so they were surprised. They looked at each other
and asked the Teacher, "Teacher, in the reaction lessons that
produce negative energy particles, you have not yet taught
about the technique of detonating destructive energy
particles. I remember that in those lectures, you said that the
original positive energy particles could not control the
toxicity of the negative energy particles and toxic information
from the outside environment, so they could not detonate
destructive energy particles. So, you still haven't taught us
about the technique of detonating destructive energy
particles."
The Teacher smiled and said, "I have already preached.
But you don't realize it. Do you know what to do first to
detonate destructive energy particles? That is, there must be
destructive energy to detonate them. When people practice
reactions that produce negative energy particles, they absorb
and take destructive energy particles. Obtaining destructive
energy particles is 50% of the process of detonating
destructive energy particles. However, the tuelinhs and souls
who practice the negative energy particle production
mechanism cannot complete 50% of the technique of
detonating the remaining destructive energy particles.
Therefore, when I analyzed the reactions that produce

Destructive Energy Detonation Method

different negative energy particles, you learned about the
technique of absorbing destructive energy particles to
different degrees. However, to help you acquire the complete
technique of detonating destructive energy particles, I will
have a great lecture for you in today's lesson."
The students happily said, "Teacher, each lecture and
each amount of knowledge you teach has different values and
magical powers. We cannot know if you do not reveal it to us.
Just like in the lectures on reactions that produce negative
energy particles, you said that you analyze those lectures so
that everyone can realize that they are producing negative
energy particles and stop doing so. Therefore, we try to
remember what the Teacher taught us to recognize and not
practice the production of negative ener gy particles.
However, when you said that to detonate destructive energy
particles, everyone must obtain destructive energy particles,
I thought that in the reactions that produce negative energy
particles, there is some magical knowledge that you will teach
us in today's lesson. Indeed, it makes me curious and happy."
The Teacher said, "Now, let's explore the method of
detonating destructive energy particles together.
Do you know? In reactions that produce positive energy
particles, there are complete techniques for detonating
destructive energy particles from low to high levels, from
small quantities to large quantities of destructive energy
particles. That means that during the practice of the tuelinhs
in the human world, they gradually practice the techniques of
detonating destructive energy at different levels. From there,
the first tuelinh realized that it was a sustainable
transformation mechanism for the tuelinhs when they

practised producing positive energy particles in the human
world through the four forms of the Tao after he observed it
for a long time. You must understand that the first tuelinh can
detonate countless destructive energy particles without
having to train like other tuelinhs in the human world because
his yin and yang energy embryo was formed and developed in
an environment of destructive energy. Therefore, it is
instinctive to detonate them because of the magic of his
original yin and yang energy particles . His incarnation as a
human in specific human lives is to experience and lead
humanity to learn according to his knowledge. At the same
time, through that incarnation, he transformed his yin and
yang energy embryo into a dual energy filter.
With his realisation of the nature of the reactions that
produce energy particles of the tuelinhs through the four
forms of the Tao in the human world and based on his ability
to detonate the destructive energy in his yin and yang energy
embryo, he created a method of detonating destructive
energy that combines those two elements. Therefore, it
becomes a miraculous method of combining the essence of his
ability to detonate the energy of destruction with all the
interactive contents of the four forms of the Tao in the human
world. That will help the tuelinhs and souls upgrade their
ability to detonate destructive energy particles in a more
miraculous way than without applying that method. You can
understand that the reaction that produces green and fire-red
positive energy particles is the ability to detonate destructive
energy particles according to the mechanism of sustainable
transformation. However, the reaction that produces yellow
positive energy particles and super energy particles is the

Destructive Energy Detonation Method

ability to detonate destructive energy based on combining a
sustainable transmutation mechanism and the magical
detonation ability of his yin and yang energy embryo. It is
inappropriate for me to tell you all the techniques for
detonating destructive energy particles because you will need
help comprehending those values. After all, you must still
meet the conditions to transform your yin -yang energy
embryo into an energy filter. However, I will provide you with
a method for detonating destructive energy par ticles that
combines the interactive content of the four forms of the Tao
with a part of the technique for detonating destructive
particles from his yin and yang energy embryo. It is a highly
miraculous method for the tuelinhs and souls cultivating in
the human world. Therefore, after you have learned this
method of detonating destructive energy, apply it to each type
of reaction that produces positive energy particles related to
the interactive content in the four forms of the Tao. That will
help you have the power to create the most sustainable
energy particles for the maturation process of the tuelinh and
quickly achieve the conditions for transforming the yin and
yang energy embryo into energy filters.
You need to comprehend some vital content before
going into the sequence of techniques for detonating the
destructive energy associated with all the interactive content
in the four forms of the Tao:
- First, you must understand that the technique, also
known as the method of detonating destructive energy, are
two critical steps in each reaction that produce positive
energy particles of all tuelinhs and super energy particles
produced by the first tuel inh. That means the destructive

energy detonation method is not an independent reaction but
two links in a chain of reactions that make sustainable energy
particles.
- Next, you must recognise when destructive energy
will attack the soul or tuelinh inside the human body when
people perform reactions that produce any energy particles.
Because people cannot see whether the original negative
energy particle and the negative energy particle system of the
soul within are shaking beyond the threshold, they cannot
recognise when the destructive particles attack. Therefore, I
give you some expressions to help you realise that in the
particle production reaction:
+ When the human mind arises and is immersed in
attachment to forms, such as having or not having, loving or
hating, having wisdom or not having wisdom, begging or not
begging, actions or inaction, the original negative particle and
the negative particle s ystem begin to vibrate beyond the
threshold. That causes destructive energy particles to catch
the signal to attack in small numbers. If immersion in the
above forms takes longer, that process is associated with
negative information from the external envir onment. The
negative energy particle system will vibrate very strongly. At
that time, a lot of destructive energy was attacked. Remember
that these manifestations are not negative actions; they are
just negative thoughts that are being built into a negativ e
ideology. You must also know that generating and indulging
in negative thoughts is to satisfy your interests and accept
harm to people, animals, and all things without understanding
the origin and mission of practice in the human world.

Destructive Energy Detonation Method

+ Practicing negative actions towards people, animals,
and all things is to satisfy the process of generating thoughts
that satisfy one's selfishness that harms people, animals, and
all things.
- We must understand the origin and practice mission
of the tuelinhs and souls in human form through the truth of
the universe and the truth of enlightenment to be able to
operate the detonation of destructive energy particles. The
truth of the universe will help people understand the truth of
all things, events, and phenomena inside and outside the
universe, especially in the interactive content of the four
forms of the Tao. The truth of enlightenment helps people
detonate the energy of destruction after u nderstanding the
truth of the universe. You need to understand these two
truths to possess the miraculous technique of detonating
destructive energy. At that time, you can only detonate a few
particles of destructive energy even though you have done
many good deeds for people.
- The material that stimulates the toxic removal of the
original negative energy particle and causes the system of
negative energy particles to vibrate beyond the threshold is
the connection with poisonous information of the external
environment. That is a method of taking toxins from the
outside environment to stimulate detoxification and make
your negative energy particle system vibrate beyond the
threshold. However, the two truths must be understood to
control the process of eliminating poison and the vibration of
the negative energy particle system after being immersed in
one of the ten forms of attachment.

- The material to support and increase the power of
positive heat in the soul's positive energy particle system is
the positive information values of the external environment.
Absorb them to have the power to exercise control over the
number of destructive particles entering. To identify the value
of information in the external environment as excellent or
harmful, people must understand the truth of the universe
and the truth of enlightenment.
- To provoke a large number of destructive energy
particles to attack the structure of the tuelinh and soul,
everyone's mind must be immersed in negative thoughts
about informational values related to the origin, practice
mission, and methods to carry out the practice mission of the
tuelinhs in the human world. That information is highly
voluminous and valuable, attracting many destructive energy
particles to move in. You must understand the lecture about
the information being all things. Therefore, when yo u think
and indulge in negative thoughts about the origin, the mission
of practice, and the method of liberation from suffering, that
is a magical method to provoke the entire negative energy
particle system of the tuelinh to vibrate beyond the threshold
at a super strong level. It connects with the universe's whole
negative energy particle system to act as a conductor for
countless destructive energy particles attacked. So how?
Think negatively about the values of that content, such as
doubt or disbelief, and even think bad things about it and the
person spreading that knowledge. That will help you connect
with the negative energy of the universe so that destructive
energy can attack you. You must understand the truth of the

Destructive Energy Detonation Method

universe to ensure safety and not sink deeply into the
negative thoughts you previously set for yourself.
- On the contrary, to detonate countless destructive
energy particles, one must immerse oneself in positive
thoughts about informational values related to one's origin,
mission, and methods of carrying out one's practice mission
in the human world. To gain this power, you must understand
the truth of enlightenment.
- When each content of the four forms of Tao has no
information about the origin, practice mission, and method of
liberating human suffering, they do not have the power to
absorb and detonate destructive energy in large quantities.
That will suit everyone to detonate destructive energy from
low to high levels gradually.
Thus, from the information you need to know and
prepare before practising the technique of detonating
destructive energy, you must understand the knowledge of
the two truths and the smallest energy particle. If you need
help understanding, learn them before practising because the
key to this technique is the knowledge of the two truths and
the smallest energy particle.
We will now explore the step -by-step sequence of the
destructive energy detonation method. Each reaction that
produces positive energy particles has two stages of
detonation of destructive energy particles. Therefore, the
sequence of steps is associated with each stage. As follows:
- Stage 1: the stage of detonating destructive
energy through positive ideology:

+ Step 1: immersed in negative thoughts after
interacting with the contents of the four forms of Tao. Interact
and receive harmful information from the outside
environment to stimulate your negative particle system. Next,
immerse yourself in the negativity related to informational
values such as the origin, practice plan, and method of
enlightenment and liberation from suffering associated with
the content interacting to absorb many energy particles that
attack the tuelinh. During this process, the mind bec omes
painful and troubled by the vast knowledge about the origin
and path of practice with the interacting content. At this stage,
many destructive energy particles are attacking.
+ Step 2: Use the truth of the universe to keep your
mind from sinking too deeply into a state of melancholy and
suffering. When there are expressions and emotions of
sadness, pain, and resentment, use the knowledge of the truth
of the universe to re -analyze the content you are interacting
with to reawaken your mind and the tuelinh. To assist in
reawakening the mind and the tuelinh, interact with
enlightened people, positive people, and enlightened
knowledge to receive positive information into the yin and
yang energy embryo. That will help the energy particles of
destruction to be transformed into particles of fire (the
particles of destruction are hot and about to explode).
+ Step 3: use the truth of enlightenment to create an
enlightened ideology for the content you interact with. It is to
create an ideology that benefits people, society, animals, and
everything without caring about yourself. When such an
ideology is obtaine d, the energy particles of fire will be
completely detonated. As a result, there is a lot of heat in the

Destructive Energy Detonation Method

tuelinh from detonating the annihilation particles. Heat is the
fuel source for the original positive particle to simulate the
intellectual wave code with super strong electric waves, and
the original negative particle also simulates the intellectual
wave code with weak electric waves. The original negative
particle only simulates the intellectual wave code with weak
electric waves because hot heat controls and eliminates the
toxins in the original negative particle.
- Stage 2: the stage of detonating destructive
particles through practising positive actions:
+ Step 1: immerse yourself in negative thoughts when
taking action after having a positive ideology in stage 1.
During this process, receiving negative information from the
outside environment and immersing yourself in negative
thoughts related to the origin, the mission of practice, and the
path to liberate human suffering in the human world are
closely related to the content being practised. That helps the
system of harmful energy particles in the tuelinh to vibrate
beyond the threshold to absorb many att acking destructive
energy particles. Think melancholy and feel miserable to
increase the vibration speed of the negative particle system.
That allows more destructive energy particles to strike the
tuelinh.
+ Step 2: Use the truth of the universe to keep your
mind from sinking too deeply into a state of melancholy and
suffering. When there are expressions and emotions of
sadness, pain, and resentment, use the knowledge of the truth
of the universe to re-analyze the content you are practising to
reawaken your mind and the tuelinh. To assist in
reawakening the mind and the tuelinh, interact with

enlightened people, positive people, and enlightened
knowledge to receive positive information into the yin and
yang energy embryo. That will help the particles of
destructive energy to be transformed into fire particles.
+ Step 3: use the truth of enlightenment to see that life
is suffering and that there is only one path to sustainable
transformation. It is the act of bringing benefits to people,
animals, and all things while not serving oneself. Then,
practice positive a ctions for the positive ideology created in
phase 1. When acting with the mindset of contributing to
people, society, and all things with the wisdom of
understanding the origin, mission and path to liberate
suffering in the human world, the destructive energy particles
in the tuelinh are completely detonated. Then, the original
positive energy particle produces intellectual wave code
fibres with super strong electric waves, and the original
negative energy particle produces intellectual wave code
fibres with weak electric waves.
You know, the heat of detonated destructive energy
helps the yin and yang energy embryo produce sustainable
energy particles, and it eliminates the toxins in the original yin
energy particles through reactions that detonate destructive
energy particles. Pr actising the method of detonating
destructive energy is the most miraculous miracle to help the
tuelinhs remove all the toxins and produce countless
sustainable energy particles. Apply this method of detonating
magical particles of destructive energy assoc iated with the
four forms of the Tao in reactions that create positive energy
particles. You will quickly achieve achievements on the path
of practice in humanity.

Destructive Energy Detonation Method

To help you better understand this method of
detonating destructive particles, I will continue to analyze it
in reactions that produce positive energy particles in the
following articles. However, please read this article many
times to understand what I have said, and it will be a tool to
help you efficiently practice the reactions that produce
positive energy particles most magically."