Chapter Eighty

Practice Producing Fire-red Positive
Energy Particles

The Teacher asked the students, "Have you analyzed
the example of the positive energy particle production case I
gave in the morning? How do you feel?"
The students all said they had analyzed it. One student
said to the Teacher, "Teacher, after analyzing that example
and analyzing other examples, I see similarities in how to
produce green, fire -red, and yellow energy particles like the
Teacher's previous lectures, especially in the teachings on the
unified Tao of the universe through the forms of the Tao. To
produce yellow positive energy particles, everyone must
unite to spread knowledge that has value for sustainable
development to everyone, and that kno wledge must have an
enlightened nature. Learning about reactions that produce
energy particles, especially positive energy particles, helps us
understand the process and developments in chain reactions
that produce energy particles. It is like slowing down the
entire process of producing energy particles to understand

the nature and truth of ourselves, others, and all things in and
out of the universe. It's very wonderful, sir."
The Teacher said, "That's right. Learning
enlightenment knowledge through reactions that produce
energy particles will help learners have a comprehensive and
complete perspective on everything after learning
enlightenment knowledge from other angles.
We continue with the practical lesson of producing
diffuse, fire -red positive energy particles. It would help to
remember that diffuse positive energy particles are more
potent than developed positive energy particles.
Do you remember what the value of fire -red positive
energy particles is? That is, it has an accurate but incomplete
amount of information about sustainable development, a lot
of good elements, a very strong rate of vibration and heat, and
the ability to de tonate destructive energy at a very strong
level. It has the property of creating and spreading the values
of sustainable development to all things when it connects
negative energy particles with weak electric waves to become
yin and yang energy embryos.
Do you remember the intellectual nature of the fire-red
positive energy particle? Its intelligence can create and
spread sustainable development values to itself and other life
forms. This nature of wisdom is most clearly demonstrated
when the tuelinhs and souls are formed from yin and yang
energy embryos linked from the grey-white original negative
energy particle with the fire-red original yang energy particle.
That type of energy creates a great intellectual nature for
humans to overcome challenges, and it promotes advantages
to develop and spread values with sustainable development

Practice Producing Fire-red Positive Energy Particles

characteristics to everyone, animals, and all things. Therefore,
people with tuelinh or souls with that intellectual nature
residing in their bodies will quickly produce fire -red,
spreading positive energy particles.
In addition, people with an intellectual nature whose
tuelinh or soul is formed from the grey-white negative energy
particle with weak electric waves and the green positive
energy particle with strong electric waves, or the yellow
positive energy particle has super strong electric waves also
quickly produce fire-red positive energy particles. So, please
remember that all three types of yin and yang energy embryos
can produce fire -red positive energy particles. In particular,
the yin and yang energy embryo t ype has a fire -red original
yang energy particle that has the power and ability to produce
more diffuse positive energy particles than the other two
types of yin and yang energy embryos.
Next, you must remember that the reaction process
that produces fire-red positive energy particles involves four
environmental groups, specifically:
- The internal environment group is the yin and yang
energy embryo of the person who produces the fire -red
positive energy particle. Those are the information values of
the original positive energy particle and the information
values of the original negati ve energy particle. It is the
information reaction between the original positive and
negative energy particles.
- The external positive environment group is positive
people, knowledge, methods, and information. This
environment contains positive information values and
promotes the sustainable development of the tuelinhs,

humans, animals, and all things in and outside the universe.
These are informational values with characteristics of
sustainable development, informational values that spread
sustainable development values, solidarity values to spread
sustainable development values together, and the knowledge
of complete enlightenment.
- The negative external environment group is negative
people, knowledge, methods, and information. This
environment contains negative information values and
destroys the sustainable development of the tuelinhs,
humans, animals, and everything in and out of the universe.
These are informational values with an ignorant intellectual
nature in ideology, informational values with an ignorant
intellectual nature in action, and informational values with an
ignorant intellectual nature in the diffusion of false
knowledge.
- Groups of destructive energy particles in the external
environment. That is a group of energy particles with two
values for all things in the universe. One is to cause decay and
destruction, and the other creates sustainable development
for intelligence and all life forms in the universe.
It would help if you remembered that the practice
environment in the human world built by the first tuelinh
ensures the entire interaction of all four environmental
groups to support the tuelinhs and souls practice their ability
to detonate destructive energy in the process of decoding the
secrets of oneself, all things, events, and phenomena in and
outside the universe. Therefore, in any reactions that produce
energy particles through the four forms of Tao in the human

Practice Producing Fire-red Positive Energy Particles

world, each person must interact and react with three types
of external environment.
You had already learned about the conference to unify
the practice path of the Tuelinh Council before they
transformed into humans. That is the image of small
poisonous snakes hiding in a plate of white food powder, a big
poisonous snake slithering into the bush, and a small toxic
snake slithering into the bush afterwards. Then came the
words of the first tuelinh, "To save all tuelinhs, I must use
toxin to remove the toxin in them." In these lectures, you will
have discovered the meaning of the reactions th at produce
energy particles. That is the method of using toxin to
stimulate toxin, then finding a mechanism to create
sustainable energy particles. Toxins are present in the
negative energy particles of the yin and yang embryos of each
tuelinh and soul, in each person and all things, and in the
destructive energy particles. Good elements exist in the
positive particles of every tuelinh, soul, person, and
everything. The process of interaction between the internal
environment of the yin and yang energy embry o with the
three external environments creates a reaction that uses
toxins to detoxify and finds a mechanism to produce
sustainable energy particles. Suppose you want to quickly
eliminate the toxins of the original negative energy particle
and activate the good elements in the original positive energy
particle so that the path of sustainable transformation can
soon reach your destination. You must practice detonating
destructive energy particles and increasing information
values that bring sustainable devel opment characteristics
into reactions that produce sustainable energy particles.

The reaction process that produces fire -red positive
energy particles in five stages:
- Stage 1: The generation stage wishes to produce fire -
red energy particles.
- Stage 2: Decoding and encoding information in the yin
and yang energy embryo.
- Phase 3: Ideology creation phase to produce fire -red
energy particles.
- Phase 4: Action phase to produce fire -red energy
particles.
- Stage 5: The intellectual wave code fibre stage has
very strong electric waves that produce fire-red causal energy
particles.
And now, let's explore the evolution of the reaction
process that produces fire-red energy particles.
Please look at the image of the fire-red positive energy
particle and its wisdom wave code thread to recall the three
points and two segments.

Practice Producing Fire-red Positive Energy Particles

Stage 1: The stage of generating the desire to
produce fire-red positive energy particles:
That is when people interact with the external
environment until the desire to produce fire -red positive
energy particles arises. It is to spread sustainable
development values for people, animals, and everything, not
for one’s benefit.
You also know why the tuelinh life form has to
incarnate as a human to practice in the human world. They
have difficulty maturing because they cannot detonate
destructive energy to produce sustainable energy particles.
They do not have magical powers like the first tuelinh. The
destruction of baby tuelinhs, and the destruction of life forms
in the universe is the reason why the first tuelinh had to create
a practice environment for the tuelinh life forms to help them
practice detonate destructive energy through an environment
of nothing but suffering on earth.
The first tuelinh made it impossible for them to use
their ability to manipulate energy, like on the central planet,
to help them create reactions that produce sustainable energy
particles when they incarnate as humans. That means their
desires will not be satisfied when they live in the human
world. It would help if you remembered this to understand
why the chain reaction that produces particles occurs. What
they want will not be achieved, which is the opposite of life on
the central planet. When they like to have something, they can
transform it and enjoy that joy. However, in the human world,
they cannot fly, transform, or transform into things when they
need them. That is wanting but not being satisfied. From
wanting but not being satisfied, combined wit h the fact that

Practice Producing Fire-red Positive Energy Particles

they have to stay in a simple material body, they become
trapped, vicious and suffer in their body because of the things
they want but cannot have or transform into. Therefore, they
begin to enter the chain of reactions that produce energy
particles in all the interactions of the four forms of Tao in the
human world.
How does the beginning of the journey produce fire-red
positive energy particles? It is initiated by the generation
stage of the desire to produce fire -red positive energy
particles. It would help if you remembered that it is not that
humans want to make fire -red positive energy particles
because they do not know about energy particles. However,
they desire to spread sustainable development values to help
people, animals, and everything develop sustainably. Because
they inherit the intellectual nature of th e tuelinh, those who
practice producing fire -red positive energy particles do not
have the thought of spreading values that are destructive to
the development of people, society, and all species. Instead,
they focus on their intellectual ability to explore , research,
and spread values with sustainable development.
The journey of generating a person's desire to produce
fire-red positive energy particles goes as follows:
- First, the person must interact in their living and
working environment, or they have access to information
from a specific environment, even if by chance. Accessing that
information causes them to compare themselves and the
subjects of the environment with which they interact.
- Next, the person realizes they are different from the
subjects they have interacted with. Maybe they see that their
country is poor while another country is rich. Their country

has no natural resources, while another country has many
natural resources. Someone else is rich while they are not.
Someone else has land while they don't have it. Someone else
has a lover while they don't have one. Someone else has a
house while they don 't have one. Someone else has children
while they don't have one. Someone else is happy while they
are not happy. Others have many assets, while they do not
have them. Others are healthy while they are sick. Others have
a life of enjoyment while they struggle. Others are respected,
while others are not. Others have businesses when they don't
have them. Some are famous, while others are not. Other
people's children are happy while their children are not, and
other forms of the four forms of Tao.
- That comparison and recognition will occur over a
short or extended period.
- The person's comparison and recognition process
occurs in positive and negative environments. They will see
that in a positive environment, people will always overcome
difficulties and challenges to spread development values to
help people, society, and all species overcome suffering to
achieve success. On the contrary, in negative environments,
they see people collapsing before difficulties and challenges
when trying to create and spread good values for everyone
and people who only create and spread values for themselves
that harm the health, life, and development of everyone,
society, and all species.
After interacting in different environments, they
become eager to produce fire -red positive energy particles
that spread from things they have and do not have, or love and
hate, or have intelligence and no intelligence, or begging and

Practice Producing Fire-red Positive Energy Particles

not begging, or action and inaction. Finally, they realized they
could spread values that bring sustainable development to
people, society, and all species without their selfishness. It is
the desire to achieve satisfaction of the mind when spreading
good values for everyone and everything.
Generating the purpose of spreading sustainable
development values for everyone and all species without
selfishness is that person's goal after interacting with
different environments. It is the fact that that person has
created the purpose of producing fi re-red positive energy
particles of spreading.
When the goal arises to produce fire -red positive
energy particles, it shows that the original positive energy
particle can control the original negative energy particle. That
means that a person's enlightened mind is at the level of
creating sustainable development values on a huge scale. It is
an ideology that is satisfied with spreading sustainable
development values for people, society, and all species
without regard to its interests.
When the desire to produce fire -red positive energy
particles arises, the original negative and positive energy
particles in the yin and yang energy embryo produce
sustainable energy particles. The original positive energy
particle controls the original ne gative energy particle. It
evaluates the information values in the outside environment
before letting the original negative energy particle absorb the
evaluated information values. Because the original positive
energy particle has such power, the original negative energy
particle only absorbs positive information values in the
positive environment. When understanding their nature, it

does not absorb negative information values in the following
negative medium. That helps the original positive energy
particle to link the positive information values of the external
environment with the positive information values within it to
generate po int (1) in the original positive energy particle's
intellectual wave code strand for the simulation process and
production of fire -red positive energy particles. Besides,
because it is controlled by the positive heat from the positive
energy particle, the original negative energy particle has also
simulated point (1) in its intellectual wave code fibre for the
production process of negative energy particles with weak
electric waves in the same reaction that produces fire -red
positive energy particles. The m agic of the reaction creates
positive energy particles when the original positive energy
particle can control the original negative particle's toxicity
and the outside environment's toxic information. It shows the
value of heat in producing sustainable ene rgy particles.
However, the positive heat of the original positive particle and
the information from the positive external environment are
not intense enough to create positive energy particles. It
needs to go through a magical reaction process at a later stage.
Stage 2: The stage of decoding and encoding
information in the yin and yang energy embryo:
This is the stage of decoding and encoding information
from the external environment after the desire to produce
fire-red positive energy particles arises. This stage will create
vibrational wave code rhythms from point (1) to point (2) in
the intellectual wave code fibre of the fire-red positive energy
particle.

Practice Producing Fire-red Positive Energy Particles

Remember, this stage shows the strength of the original
positive energy particles in the yin and yang energy embryo
while controlling the original negative particle and
information from the external environment very well.
Therefore, at this stage, the orig inal negative energy particle
will absorb positive information values for sustainable
development from the external environment into the original
positive energy particle and into itself.
During this period, when decoding and encoding
information in a negative environment, the toxic information
of the outside medium bombards the original negative energy
particle to release its toxins. They caused the original negative
particle and the system to the harmful energy particles in the
tuelinh to be shaken. That is when destructive energy
particles catch the signal and move in. As I said in the lecture
on the method of detonating destructive energy if you want to
absorb large amounts of incoming d estructive energy,
immerse yourself in negative and painful thoughts related to
the values of life, the origin, the mission of practice, the path
to liberation from suffering, and the nature of all things. It is a
golden opportunity for people to practice techniques to get
more destructive energy particles through the rise of toxins
in the original negative particle and toxic information from
the outside environment.
Because the goal after interacting with the external
environment is to produce diffuse, fire -red positive energy
particles, it shows that the good nature of the original positive
energy particle is controlling the toxicity of the original
negative particle . That helps people to decode and encode
information from the external environment as follows:

- First, that person always looks for positive values to
help them complete the spreading of values that bring
sustainable development to all people and species. This
process is promoted by the wisdom of the yin and yang energy
embryo, which has the power of the original yang energy
particle, and the information values and knowledge from the
positive environment are properly decoded. Then, the
original yin energy particle absorbs those correctly decoded
information values into the yin and yang energy embryo. That
causes the two original yin and yang energy particles to react
to encode information as follows:
+ The original positive intellectual wave code fibre of
the original positive energy particle has simulated a
vibrational wave code rhythm at the positive pole after it has
obtained the connection between positive information values
for sustainable develop ment between the external
environment and the internal environment of the original
positive intellectual wave code fibre. That means that the
intellectual wave code rhythm at the anode encodes positive
information values that have similarities in positive values
between the two external and internal environments, which
is the dharma that unifies the dharma of fire -red positive
energy particles.
+ The original yin intellectual wave code fibre of the
original negative energy particle also simulated a vibrating
wave code rhythm at the anode after it absorbed the positive
information values of the external environment for the
original positive energy particle. That means that the original
positive particle controls the intellectual wave code fibre of
the original negative energy particle, and there are no internal

Practice Producing Fire-red Positive Energy Particles

toxins, so it quickly encodes the positive information values
outside into its positive pole to form the first vibrational wave
beat. This beat section of the negative intellectual wave code
is the dharma that refutes dharma because the positive
information values and good elements of the external
environment have overwritten on the intellectual wave code
of the negative energy particle when the original positive
energy particle controls it.
- Next, in searching and researching to spread values
that bring sustainable development to everyone and all
species, that person will access and interact with negative
information of knowledge and people. That spreads values
that harm everyone and all spe cies to satisfy one's interests.
However, because the yin and yang energy embryo has the
power of the original yang energy particle, external negative
values are penetrated by the wisdom of the yang energy
particle. Therefore, when people interact in this negative
environment, the process of encoding information in the yin
and yang energy embryo takes place as follows:
+ The original positive intellectual wave code of the
original positive energy particle had to fight fiercely with
negative information values from the outside, and the toxins
in the original negative energy particle began to occur. As a
result, it won, and the original positive intellectual wave code
strand finished simulating a vibrating wave code rhythm at its
negative pole. That wave code segment retains the truth and
nature of malicious information from the outside
environment after it has been decoded . It is the dharma that
refutes the dharma. That means that the vibrational wave
code at the negative pole of the diffuse positive energy

particle contains love for all things and all species to create
more motivation for spreading sustainable development
values.
+ The original negative intellectual wave code is
agitated, and the emergence of toxins hidden inside occurs
when interacting with the harmful external environment.
This process causes that person to have negative emotions
and suffer in the struggle between spreading values to satisfy
their selfishness and causing consequences for everyone and
all species or spreading sustainable development values for
everyone and all species without one’s benefit. However,
because the original positive energy particle can control the
original negative energy particle and negative information in
the external environment, it quickly negates negative
information in the external environment. Therefore, in the
original negative intellectual wave code fibre of the original
yin p article, the rhythm of the vibration wave code at the
cathode has been simulated. That is the dharma that unites
with the dharma. That means that this vibrating wave code
connects harmful information in the external environment
and the toxicity of the orig inal yin particle. However, it has
been controlled and removed, so there is no longer any
toxicity. Instead, it has the informational value of
understanding and being enlightened about the negative
values of the original negative energy particle and negati ve
information in the external environment. Do you know? This
is the stage where people can get the most destructive energy
particles to attack them. You should sink into negative
thoughts and let your mind sink into desires to satisfy your
interests at th e expense of everyone and all species. To

Practice Producing Fire-red Positive Energy Particles

increase the attack of destructive energy particles, think
negatively about informational values, such as the origin,
practice mission, method of liberating human suffering, and
the nature of all things before positive energy particles and
enlightened wisdom control them.
- The person's interaction process between two
positive and negative environments occurs continuously over
time. That makes decoding and encoding information of yin
and yang energy embryos fierce and stressful. The vibrational
wave code rhythms contain the positive informational values
of the spreading in the positive pole formed. The vibrational
wave code rhythms contain the values of understanding, and
the impulse to spread the value developed at the cathode is
also formed in both the original negative and positive energy
particles.
At the end of the process of decoding and encoding
information from the external environment, the original
positive intellectual wave code fibre of the original positive
energy particle has finished simulating the vibration wave
code from point (1) to poin t (2) for the process of producing
fire-red positive energy particles. The yin energy particle's
original negative intellectual wave code strand also simulates
the vibration wave code from point (1) to point (2) for
producing negative energy particles with weak electric
waves.
You must remember that if you want more particles of
destructive energy to attack your soul, you must take
advantage of the moments of interaction with the harmful
external environment and enhance the moment you are
immersed in a negative mind because of its benefits that harm

everyone and all species. Remember that to get more
destructive energy particles, you must think about the
wisdom of all things and the path of practice in a negative
state.
Because you are practising a reaction that produces
fire-red positive energy particles, you must remember the
nature of all things, the origin, the mission and the path to
liberation from suffering when incarnated as a human to
connect with positive inform ation from the outside
environment. It will help you reactivate the power of good
elements and heat from the original positive energy particle
to control and eliminate the toxins in the root negative energy
particle with toxic information from the outside environment.
By doing that, you will finish simulating the vibration wave
code in the yin and yang energy embryo to produce fire -red
positive energy particles with very strong electric waves and
negative energy particles with weak electric waves. In
particular, it will help the soul inside radiate heat to turn
destructive energy particles into particles of fire. Fire
particles are the state of destructive energy particles about to
explode. Up to this point, you have had an excellent state of
mind and soul f or transforming into an ideology to produce
fire-red positive energy particles.
Stage 3: Stage of creating an ideology to produce
fire-red positive energy particles:
This is the stage of producing enlightenment ideology
for producing fire -red positive energy particles. It is an
ideology that spreads values of development for everyone
and all species without its benefit.

Practice Producing Fire-red Positive Energy Particles

To have an enlightened ideology in spreading values
that bring development to all people and all species, everyone
must rely on the truth of enlightenment to understand the
truth of the practice mission in the human world. From there,
everyone will have th e strength to let go of attachments and
selfishness of toxins that have arisen in the original negative
energy particle when interacting with harmful environments.
Next, rely on and receive positive values from knowledge and
positive people in a positive environment. It will be the power
to help the original positive energy particle win against the
toxic information of the negative environment and the toxins
of the original negative energy particle.
Significantly to increase the power and value of the
ideological point (2) in the intellectual wave code of the fire -
red positive energy particle, everyone should think about the
knowledge of the origin, the mission of practice, and the
method of completin g that mission is associated with the
understanding of energy particles and the enlightenment of
the two truths. That will help the energy embryo have the
magical power to detonate the destructive energy particles
that attack the tuelinh at the decoding an d encoding stage.
The hot heat from detonated destructive energy particles
with information value will create a great ideology in
producing fire-red positive energy particles. At the same time,
the original positive wisdom wave code strand of the original
yang particle and the negative wisdom wave code strand of
the original yin particle have completed the simulation of the
enlightenment ideology in point number (2).
When a point (2) is created in both the original positive
and negative particles, it begins the action phase in the

following stage. Besides, it also shows the power of
informational value for sustainable development in
detonating destructive energy to increase the power of
enlightenment ideology.
Phase 4: Action phase to produce fire-red positive
energy particles:
This is the stage of inheriting the functions and tasks
specified in point (2) in the ideology to satisfy the spreading
of values for sustainable development for everyone and all
species without one's benefit.
The action phase may occur as a single act of
interaction with people, animals, and all things, or it may be a
series of actions to end the phase of positive energy particle
production.
After obtaining the ideology for producing fire-red
positive energy particles with the power of enlightened
wisdom, the action process of creating fire -red positive
energy particles takes place as follows:
- To satisfy the production of fire -red positive energy
particles, people will have to interact with the negative
environment by negative people and knowledge. Negative
information will make people doubt themselves and worry
they cannot spread the desired development value. In
addition, the toxins of the original negative energy particle
are reawakened and cause the mind to have thoughts that
only want to satisfy its benefits while ignoring the good values
created in the ideology before. The toxins in the o riginal
negative energy particle linked with the toxins of external
negative information will absorb many destructive energy

Practice Producing Fire-red Positive Energy Particles

particles if people sink into a state of anxiety and suffering.
That is negative thinking about the values of the origin, the
practice mission, and the method of achieving the mission
associated with the development value being created. At that
time, many destructive energy particles attack your tuelinh.
However, it would be best if you relied on the truth of the
universe to understand that those feelings of suffering,
anxiety, and sadness are fake because they are not real. Still,
only the fire -red energy particles produced can help you
become respected in the human world and the universe.
When you have positive thoughts, the heat in the tuelinh is
reactivated, and it causes the particles of destruction to be
transformed into particles of fire.
- Detonate the particles of fire by relying on the truth of
enlightenment to have great determination and will in
completing actions that spread sustainable development
values for everyone and all species. It would help to rely more
on enlightened and posi tive people to gain strength. The
resonance of that power will help your soul detonate all
particles of fire.
Interacting with positive and negative environments
will help the original positive and negative wisdom wave code
strand in the yin and yang energy embryo to simulate the
wisdom strand further. The intellectual fibre segments of the
positive and negative p articles are encoded with the
information values of the external environment, internal
environment, and the heat of the detonated destructive
energy. The intellectual fibre segment is the segment that
performs actions for the vibration code segment from po int
(1) to point (2).

The result of this phase is to complete the simulation of
point (3) in the intellectual wave code fibre of both the
original positive and negative energy particles. Then, from the
original positive wisdom wave code strand in the original
positive particle, it produces and copies a wisdom wave code
strand with very strong electric waves. From the original
negative intellectual wave code strand in the original negative
particle, it will create and copy an intellectual wave code
strand with weak electric waves . The fire -red positive
intellectual wave code strand is stored in the original positive
particle, and the negative intellectual wave code strand with
weak electric waves is stored in the original negative particle.
Do you know? When the positive energy particle
production reaction is completed, the tuelinh's yin and yang
energy embryo will have a lot of heat to copy the newly born
wisdom wave code strands into many new wisdom wave code
strands. Then, they move to the yin and yang extremes and
become causal energy particles. However, if you can take
advantage of the heat present in the yin and yang energy
embryo to practice uniting everyone to spread the values of
sustainable development to everyone, the yin and yang
energy embryo will give birth to a yellow, unified, positive
intellectual wave code fibres. Do you understand what I
mean? That is, to take advantage of the hot heat and the chain
of reactions that produce fire-red positive energy particles to
unite people and spread those development values to
everyone. If you do not do so, you will have to spend many
chains of reactions to produce more valuable positive energy
particles with the difficulties and challenges of destructive
energy attack, the toxicity of the original negative particle and

Practice Producing Fire-red Positive Energy Particles

the external environment. You need to know that when
continuing to carry out solidarity actions to spread the value
of sustainable development to everyone, the embryo's yin and
yang energy particles will continue to absorb destructive
energy particles and detonate them to have more heat for the
production of yellow positive energy particles.
Stage 5: The stage of the intellectual wave code
fibre carries very strong positive electric waves that
produce fire-red causal energy particles:
This stage occurs immediately after the end of an action
or series of actions that produce fire -red positive energy
particles in the previous stage.
The stage of creating causal energy particles takes place
as follows:
- At the original positive energy particle, the newly fire-
red positive intellectual wave code strand that has just been
born is being stored next to the original positive intellectual
wave code strand of the original positive particle. From that
strand of positive intellectual wave code, it copies into many
strands of positive intellectual wave code because of the heat
in the yin and yang energy embryo. Those strands of
intellectual wave code move to the positive pole to transform
into fire -red positive en ergy particles. Because there is not
much heat left in the original positive particle, the fire -red
positive intellectual wave code fibre can only copy the
wisdom wave code fibres with weaker positive electric waves.
It is called the neutral particle of the fire-red positive particle.
Those neutral intellectual wave code fibres move out to the
yang pole and the protective shell of the mature yin and yang
energy embryo. Next, the fire-red positive energy particles at

the positive pole join together to form synthetic positive
particles. Then, they and neutral particles move out of the
mature embryo to create new synthetic energy particle
clusters.
- At the original negative energy particle, the negative
intellectual wave code fibre with weak electric waves has just
been produced; it copies into similar intellectual wave code
fibres and moves to the negative pole of the mature energy
embryo to transf orm the smallest negative energy particles.
Then, those smallest negative energy particles bond together
to form a composite negative particle with weak electric
waves and move out to the cluster of positive energy particles
that had just been created earlier.
- The positive energy particles at the positive pole are
also copied and radiated to the outside environment, where a
reaction produces fire-red positive energy particles.
- In addition, a fire -red positive energy particle is
collected at the centre of the operating causal tree on the
central planet.
Thus, when finishing the chain of reactions that
produce positive energy particles, the cause and effect energy
particles are also stored in three areas: in the tuelinh (in the
original positive particle and the synthetic particle structure),
in the external environment where the reaction that produces
the fire -red positive particles occurs, and the space that
operates the causal tree on the central planet.
In addition, the action process produces fire -red
positive energy particles, creating a positive external
environment for others to learn and follow. That is similar to

Practice Producing Fire-red Positive Energy Particles

that person having received positive information values from
the external environment.
What do you see through the reactions that produce
fire-red positive energy particles? It is the information
circulation mechanism in the rotation mechanism of the yin
and yang energy embryo and the mechanism for producing
and connecting the smallest energ y particles by the
information reaction process between the internal
environment and the outside environment. They create a very
strong, sustainable path of transformation to produce both
sustainable positive energy particles, neutral particles, and
negative particles with weak electric waves. That helps the
synthetic energy particle structure of the tuelinh to develop,
and the tuelinh becomes more mature when the synthetic
particle structures have a 1:1 balance ratio between negative
and positive particles.
Thus, that chain of reactions produces fire-red positive
energy particles, enlightened energy particles that spread
sustainable development values for everyone and all species.
Enlightened wisdom is decisive in detonating destructive
energy and creating gr eat information values for energy
particles to create fire-red positive energy particles.
Contents related to reactions that produce fire -red,
diffuse positive energy particles:
- A person becomes a teacher and spreads his
knowledge to generations of students. That teacher produced
a lot of fire -red positive energy particles. Whenever he
teaches his students a lesson, he produces fire -red positive
energy particles.

- Fathers and mothers teach their children to recognize
the worldview and become good people; they produce fire -
red positive energy particles.
- After a person does research, they spread that
research work with positive value to everyone; they produce
fire-red positive energy particles.
- People share successes in all areas of life; they
produce fire-red energy particles.
And there are many other cases. You need to remember
that if the spread of knowledge is related to the truth of the
origin, the spiritual mission, the path of enlightenment, and
solidarity among people, these contents produce yellow
positive energy particles with super strong electric waves. On
the contrary, the diffuse positive energy particles are just
actions that spread positive values, and they do not have the
solidarity and values related to the origin and mission of
practice in the human world (the k nowledge related to all
things in the universe, the tuelinhs and humans).
When witnessing or knowing about real -life cases,
please experience analyzing the reaction process that
produces fire-red and diffuse energy particles."