Chapter Eighty-One

Practice Producing Yellow Positive
Energy Particles

"Do you know why the yellow, unified positive energy
particle is the most valuable energy particle compared to
other energy particles? Please do not compare it with super
energy particles because they are the pinnacle of intelligence
and are the crystallization of all types of energy particles with
the heat of annihilation energy being detonated to form. You
only compare yellow positive energy particles with other
positive particles such as fire-red, green, and negative energy
particles." the Teacher asked his students.
A student replied, "The Teacher, the yellow, unified
positive energy particles have the value of accurate and
comprehensive information about the sustainable
development of all things; good elements are the most, and
heat and vibration speed are the super strong. The ability to
detonate destructive energy is the best compared to other
positive energy particles and has the characteristic of
solidarity to spread sustainable development values together.
When yellow, unified positive energy particles bond with

negative energy particles with weak electric waves to form
yin and yang energy embryos, it creates the tuelinhs of the
most miraculous nature on the path of sustainable
transformation. In addition, the value of information encoded
in its intellectual wave code is enormous and has the power
to create sustainable development for all life forms in the
universe. It is proven because, in the embryo, the yin and yang
energy of the first tuelinh was formed from yellow unified
positive energy particles and negative energy particles with
weak electric waves. In addition, the tuelinhs who have the
most achievements on the path of practice in the human
world are also the tuelinhs whose yin and yang energy
embryos are made up of negative energy particles with weak
electric waves and the yellow positive energy particles with
super strong electric waves."
The Teacher replied, "Thank you for helping everyone
remember the wonderful values of yellow positive energy
particles of solidarity. The information you said about yellow
positive energy particles is correct. Those characteristics and
nature create the po wer for that type of positive energy
particle.
However, the unified positive energy particle has a
magical characteristic that no other type of energy particle in
the positive, negative, and neutral energy particle group has.
It is the ability to unite with all different kinds of energy
particles. The ability to bond I talk about here differs from the
ability to bond to form yin and yang energy embryos. I mean
the ability to connect to decode and understand all the
informational values of the tuelinh whose energy embryo is
composed of the yellow positive energy particle and the grey-

Practice Producing Yellow Positive Energy Particles

white negative energy particle. You also know that the
tuelinh, or the soul, produces yellow energy particles and has
a yin and yang energy embryo formed from the yellow
positive particle and grey-white negative particle. The yellow
positive energy particl es are produced from those tuelinhs
and souls; they will inherit their intellectual characteristics
and nature. When those tuelinhs and souls incarnate as
humans, those people reveal the magical essence of that type
of yin and yang energy embryo. In additi on, the yin and yang
energy embryo is promoted by the original yin energy
particle, which helps the yellow yang particle reveal its most
magical values.
Therefore, this positive energy particle represents the
type of energy embryo with enlightened wisdom that unites
all tuelinhs and humans together to spread the values of
sustainable development to all forms of life in and out of the
universe. It is the mo st miraculous feature of the yellow
unified positive energy particle that I want you to know, in
addition to the knowledge about that particle I have taught
you before.
Now, you need to remember the magical characteristic
of the yellow positive energy particle: it can decode and
understand the nature of all the energy particles that make up
the universe. To achieve that ability, it can automatically
adjust the vibration speed of the intellectual wave code in the
particle to the lowest level to decode all kinds of negative
energy particles and adjust the vibration speed to the
maximum to decode the nature of the fire-red positive energy
particle and itself. Because of that ability, it has the magical
power to decode all the information values of blood -red,

black, grey, grey -white, neutral, ivory -white, green, fire -red,
and yellow energy particles.
You still need clarification. Let me give you illustrations
of the ability to link information to decode all types of
negative, positive, and neutral energy particles of yellow
positive energy particles as follows:
- I simulate all negative energy particles as if people
were in a solid house without windows. The people in that
house enjoyed pleasures such as wine, feasting, lust, and
enjoyment. I call them ignorant people who enjoy forms in life
without believing in enlightenment.
- I simulate a group of neutral energy particles (with
lightly electric waves) as a cool lake in front of the house of
ignorant people.
- I simulate the lush forest in front as a group of green
positive energy growing. They enjoy the steam and sunlight
and rely on each other to grow strong.
- I simulate the sun above radiating light as a group of
fire-red positive energy spreading. It shines the light of truth
to penetrate the house of ignorance, the lake, the forest, and
itself, and let all other life forms know about their existence.
The su n's light contains the truth of life, but sometimes, it
becomes harsh, making the ignorant people in that solid
house not want to see the sun.
- I simulate a person standing on the central porch of
the house of ignorance; they are a group of yellow united,
positive energy.
From the positions of each energy group I simulate in
such a picture, do you know the value of the person

Practice Producing Yellow Positive Energy Particles

representing the yellow energy? Of course, you will answer
that it is valuable in understanding other groups of energy
particles. If you answered like that, I'm sorry I answered it a
while ago. How does the yellow positive energy particle have
the ability to comprehend all the informational nature of
other groups of energy particles? If you answer that positive
energy particles adjust vibration speed to link information
with other energy groups, that is also my previous answer.
Okay, let me analyze it for you to understand. From the
picture I simulated of the five groups of energy particles, you
will see the following:
- The neutral energy particles (including energy
particles with lightly negative electric waves and energy
particles with lightly positive electric waves) are considered
a clear and calm lake. You know, this type of energy particle
has the exact nature of water; that is, it promotes and
strengthens all kinds of energy particles with which it binds.
Specifically:
+ Water helps plants grow lushly, just like negative
energy particles have weak electric waves that help green
positive energy particles develop, promote their creativity
and create development values.
+ Water vapour helps sunlight reduce the sun's
harshness to create valuable wavelengths for all life forms,
such as grey -white negative particles linking with fire -red
positive particles to promote the ability to spread the values
of sustainable development to all things.
+ Water brings life to the person standing on the porch
when that person needs water to have the strength to conduct
and unify all other energy groups.

+ Water helps a group of ignorant people living in a
solid house to develop their destructive power.
- Group of negative energy particles in the house of
ignorance. They are immersed in pleasure, entertainment,
enjoyment, and sensuality. It was like they were enjoying a
banquet of enjoyment and debauchery with delicacies,
alcohol and lust inside. They dis like and hate to see or stand
in the sun's light. They also do not like to hear about the
development of values that people achieve, such as the
existence of forests outside. They can only listen and talk to
the yellow positive energy group outside the porch.
- The group of positive energy spreading like the sun
cannot enter that house and enlighten them to wake up from
those depraved pleasures and ignorance. Because if the sun
enters that house, death will occur because their conflict is
very strong.
- The forest also cannot move into their house to
demonstrate their growth and wonder when standing under
the intellectual light of the sun. Because if they move in, there
will be conflicts that will cause death.
- The united people stand on the porch, where they can
see and know what everyone in the house is doing and talking
about. They saw the greatness of sunlight. They saw the
significant growth of the forest. They know the value and
support of water. And they see their capabilities.
The ability of the yellow positive energy group is shown
as follows:
- They can understand negative energy groups in the
house. However, they must control themselves so as not to be

Practice Producing Yellow Positive Energy Particles

drawn in by those in that house of ignorance to enjoy
debauchery and lust. When standing on the porch, they
understand what ignorant people confide in and say to each
other. From there, they understood and shared that ignorant
wisdom with the sun, forests and lakes to understand
negative energy.
- On the contrary, in the porch position, the yellow
positive energy can share the values of the sun, the values of
development, and all the outside truths for those in the house
to know.
- The perseverance, not being afraid of danger, and the
listening and sharing of the yellow positive energy group have
helped them connect with different energy groups to share
and understand each other. From there, the people immersed
in the banquet of ig norance will be curious and go to the
location of the united person on the porch after a long time of
being immersed in ignorance. When they go out on the porch,
they see the magnificence of everything outside, and they
become united people after understan ding that positive
energy grows, spreads, and unites. As a result, they become
united people and carry out the mission of the yellow positive
energy particles at the porch position in the entire painting.
So, through that simulation, you have understood the
magical connection ability of yellow positive energy particles
to unite with all other energy particles. Do you know? It is the
secret to transforming yin and yang energy embryos into
energy filters. If you are lucky, I will help you decode that
secret and transform the yin and yang energy embryo into an
energy filter in the future. As for the lesson on reactions that
produce yellow positive energy particles, such information

about unified energy particles is excellent knowledge for
you."
After a few minutes, the teacher continued, "Now, let's
explore the rest of the lecture on the practice of producing
solidarity energy particles after you understand the nature of
that energy particle.
Do you still remember the wisdom nature of the yellow
positive energy particle? Its wisdom can create and unite
people to spread the values of sustainable development to
itself and other life forms together. This nature of wisdom is
most clearly demonstrat ed when the tuelinhs and souls are
formed from yin and yang energy embryos linked from a grey-
white original negative energy particle with a yellow original
yang energy particle. That type of energy creates a
tremendous intellectual nature for humans to ov ercome
challenges, and it promotes advantages to develop and unite
people to spread the values of sustainable development
together to all people, animals, and all things. Therefore,
people with tuelinhs or souls with that intellectual nature
residing in th eir bodies will quickly produce yellow solid
positive energy particles.
In addition, people with an intellectual nature whose
tuelinh or soul is formed from a grey -white negative energy
particle with weak electric waves and a green positive energy
particle with strong electric waves, or with fire -red positive
energy has very strong electric waves also efficiently produce
yellow positive energy particles. So, please remember that all
three types of yin and yang energy embryos can produce
yellow positive energy particles. In particular, the yin and
yang energy embryo type with th e original positive energy

Practice Producing Yellow Positive Energy Particles

particle being yellow has the power and ability to produce
more yellow yang energy particles than the other two types
of yin and yang energy embryos.
Next, you must remember that the reaction process
that produces positive energy particles involves four
environmental groups, specifically:
- The internal environment group is the yin and yang
energy embryo of the person who produces the yellow
positive energy particle. Those are the information values of
the original positive energy particle and the information
values of the original negative energy particle. It is the
information reaction between the original positive and
negative energy particles.
- The external positive environment group is positive
people, knowledge, methods, and information. This
environment contains positive information values and
promotes the sustainable development of the tuelinhs,
humans, animals, and all things in and outsid e the universe.
These are informational values with characteristics of
sustainable development, informational values that spread
sustainable development values, solidarity values to spread
sustainable development values together, and the knowledge
of complete enlightenment.
- The negative external environment group is negative
people, knowledge, methods, and information. This
environment contains negative information values and
destroys the sustainable development of the tuelinhs,
humans, animals, and everything in and out of the universe.
These are informational values with an ignorant intellectual
nature in ideology, informational values with an ignorant

intellectual nature in action, and informational values with an
ignorant intellectual nature in the diffusion of false
knowledge.
- Groups of destructive energy particles in the external
environment. That is a group of energy particles with two
values for all things in the universe. One is to cause decay and
destruction, and the other creates sustainable development
for intelligence and all life forms in the universe.
It would help if you remembered that the practice
environment in the human world built by the first tuelinh
ensures the entire interaction of all four environmental
groups to support the tuelinhs and souls practice their ability
to detonate destructive energy in the process of decoding the
secrets of oneself, all things, events, and phenomena in and
outside the universe. Therefore, in any reactions that produce
energy particles through the four forms of Tao in the human
world, each person must interact and react with three types
of external environment.
You have already learned about the conference to unify
the practice path of the Tuelinh Council before they
transformed into humans. That is the image of small
poisonous snakes hiding in a plate of white food powder, a big
poisonous snake slithering into t he bush, and a small toxic
snake slithering into the bush afterwards. Then came the
words of the first tuelinh, "To save all tuelinhs, I must use
toxin to remove the toxin in them." In these lectures, you will
have discovered the meaning of the reactions t hat produce
energy particles. That is the method of using toxin to
stimulate toxin, then finding a mechanism to create
sustainable energy particles. Toxins are present in the

Practice Producing Yellow Positive Energy Particles

negative energy particles of the yin and yang embryos of each
tuelinh and soul, in each person and all things, and in the
destructive energy particles. Good elements exist in the
positive particles of every tuelinh, soul, person, and
everything. The proces s of interaction between the internal
environment of the yin and yang energy embryo with the
three external environments creates a reaction that uses
toxins to detoxify and finds a mechanism to produce
sustainable energy particles. Suppose you want to quic kly
eliminate the toxins of the original negative energy particle
and activate the good elements in the original positive energy
particle so that the path of sustainable transformation can
soon reach your destination. You must practice detonating
destructive energy particles and increasing information
values that bring sustainable development characteristics
into reactions that produce sustainable energy particles.
The reaction process that produces yellow positive
energy particles in five stages:
- Stage 1: The generation stage wishes to produce
yellow energy particles.
- Stage 2: Decoding and encoding information in the yin
and yang energy embryo.
- Phase 3: Ideology creation phase to produce yellow
energy particles.
- Phase 4: Action phase to produce yellow energy
particles.
- Stage 5: The intellectual wave code fibre stage has
super strong electric waves that produce yellow causal
energy particles.

And now, let's explore the evolution of the reaction
process that produces yellow energy particles.
Please look at the image of the yellow positive energy
particle and its wisdom wave code thread to recall the three
points and two segments.

Practice Producing Yellow Positive Energy Particles

Stage 1: The stage of generating the desire to
produce yellow positive energy particles:
That is when people interact with the external
environment until the desire to produce yellow positive
energy particles arises. It is to unify everyone to spread
sustainable development values for people, animals, and
everything, not for one's benefit.
You also know why the tuelinh life form has to
incarnate as a human to practice in the human world. They
have difficulty maturing because they cannot detonate
destructive energy to produce sustainable energy particles.
They do not have magical powers like the first tuelinh. The
destruction of baby tuelinhs, and the destruction of life forms
in the universe is the reason why the first tuelinh had to create
a practice environment for the tuelinh life forms to help them
practice detonate destructive energy through an environment
of nothing but suffering on earth.
The first tuelinh made it impossible for them to use
their ability to manipulate energy, like on the central planet,
to help them create reactions that produce sustainable energy
particles when they incarnate as humans. That means their
desires will not be satisfied when they live in the human
world. It would help if you remembered this to understand
why the chain reaction that produces particles occurs. What
they want will not be achieved, which is the opposite of life on
the central planet. When they like to have something, they can
transform it and enjoy that joy. However, in the human world,
they cannot fly, transform, or transform into things when they
need them. That is wanting but not being satisfied. From
wanting but not being satisfied, combined wit h the fact that

they have to stay in a simple material body, they become
trapped, vicious and suffer in their body because of the things
they want but cannot have or transform into. Therefore, they
begin to enter the chain of reactions that produce energy
particles in all the interactions of the four forms of Tao in the
human world.
How does the beginning of the journey produce yellow
positive energy particles? It is initiated by the generation
stage of the desire to produce yellow positive energy
particles. It would help if you remembered that it is not that
humans want to make yellow positive energy particles
because they do not know about energy particles. However,
they desire to unify everyone to spread sustain able
development values to help people, animals, and everything
develop sustainably. Because they inherit the intellectual
nature of the tuelinh, those who practice producing yellow
positive energy particles do not have the thought of spreading
values that are destructive to the development of people,
society, and all species. Instead, they focus on their
intellectual ability to explore, research, and unify people to
spread values with sustainable development.
The journey of generating a person's desire to produce
yellow positive energy particles goes as follows:
- First, the person must interact in their living and
working environment, or they have access to information
from a specific environment, even if by chance. Accessing that
information causes them to compare themselves and the
subjects of the environment with which they interact.
- Next, the person realizes they are different from the
subjects they have interacted with. Maybe they see this

Practice Producing Yellow Positive Energy Particles

knowledge as valuable and that knowledge as worthless.
Some countries are poor, while another country is rich. Their
country has no natural resources, while another country has
many natural resources. Someone else is rich while they are
not. Someone else has land while they don't have it. Someone
else has a lover while they don't have one. Someone else has
a house while they don't have one. Someone else has children
while they don't have one. Someone else is happy while they
are not happy. Others have many assets, while they do not
have them. Others are healthy while they are sick. Others have
a life of enjoyment while they struggle. Others are respected,
while others are not. Others have businesses when they don't
have them. Some are famous, while others ar e not. Other
people's children are happy while their children are not, and
other forms of the four forms of Tao.
- That comparison and recognition will occur over a
short or extended period.
- The person's comparison and recognition process
occurs in positive and negative environments. They will see
that in a positive environment, people will always overcome
difficulties and challenges to unify and spread development
values to help people, society, and all species overcome
suffering to achieve success. On the contrary, in negative
environments, they see people collapsin g before difficulties
and challenges when trying to create and spread good values
for everyone and people who only create and spread values
for themselves that harm the health, life, and development of
everyone, society, and all species.
After interacting in different environments, they
become eager to produce yellow positive energy particles that

unify everyone to spread from things they have and do not
have, or love and hate, or have intelligence and no
intelligence, or begging and not begging, or action and
inaction. Finally, they realized they could unify people to
spread values that bring susta inable development to people,
society, and all species without their selfishness. It is the
desire to achieve satisfaction of the mind when uniting
everyone to spread good values for everyone and everything.
Generating the purpose of unifying people to spread
sustainable development values for everyone and all species
without selfishness is that person's goal after interacting with
different environments. It is the fact that that person has
created the purpose of producing yellow positive energy
particles.
When the goal arises to produce yellow positive energy
particles, it shows that the original positive energy particle
can control the original negative energy particle. That means
that a person's enlightened mind is at the level of creating
sustainable development values on a vast scale. It is an
ideology that is satisfied with unifying people to spread
sustainable development values for people, society, and all
species without regard to its interests.
When the desire to produce yellow positive energy
particles arises, the original negative and positive energy
particles in the yin and yang energy embryo produce
sustainable energy particles. The original positive energy
particle controls the original nega tive energy particle. It
evaluates the information values in the outside environment
before letting the original negative energy particle absorb the
evaluated information values. Because the original positive

Practice Producing Yellow Positive Energy Particles

energy particle has such power, the original negative energy
particle only absorbs positive information values in the
positive environment. When understanding their nature, it
does not absorb negative information values in the following
negative medium. Th at helps the original positive energy
particle to link the positive information values of the external
environment with the positive information values within it to
generate point (1) in the original positive energy particle's
intellectual wave code strand for the simulation process and
production of yellow positive energy particles. Besides,
because it is controlled by the positive heat from the positive
energy particle, the original negative energy particle has also
simulated point (1) in its intellectual wave code fibre for the
production process of negative energy particles with weak
electric waves in the same reaction that produces yellow
positive energy particles. The magic of the reaction creates
positive energy particles when the original positive en ergy
particle can control the original negative particle's toxicity
and the outside environment's toxic information. It shows the
value of heat in producing sustainable energy particles.
However, the positive heat of the original positive particle and
the information from the positive external environment are
not intense enough to create positive energy particles. It
needs to go through a magical reaction process at a later stage.
Stage 2: The stage of decoding and encoding
information in the yin and yang energy embryo:
This is the stage of decoding and encoding information
from the external environment after the desire to produce
yellow positive energy particles arises. This stage will create
vibrational wave code rhythms from point (1) to point (2) in

the intellectual wave code fibre of the yellow positive energy
particle.
Remember, this stage shows the strength of the original
positive energy particles in the yin and yang energy embryo
while controlling the original negative particle and
information from the external environment very well.
Therefore, at this stage, the orig inal negative energy particle
will absorb positive information values for sustainable
development from the external environment into the original
positive energy particle and into itself.
During this period, when decoding and encoding
information in a negative environment, the toxic information
of the outside medium bombards the original negative energy
particle to release its toxins. They caused the original negative
particle and the system to the harmful energy particles in the
tuelinh to be shaken. That is when destructive energy
particles catch the signal and move in. As I said in the lecture
on the method of detonating destructive energy if you want to
absorb large amounts of incoming d estructive energy,
immerse yourself in negative and painful thoughts related to
the values of life, the origin, the mission of practice, the path
to liberation from suffering, and the nature of all things. It is a
golden opportunity for people to practice techniques to get
more destructive energy particles through the rise of toxins
in the original negative particle and toxic information from
the outside environment.
Because the goal after interacting with the external
environment is to produce yellow positive energy particles, it
shows that the good nature of the original positive energy
particle is controlling the toxicity of the original negative

Practice Producing Yellow Positive Energy Particles

particle. That helps people to decode and encode information
from the external environment as follows:
- First, that person always looks for positive values to
help them unify people to spread values that bring
sustainable development to all people and species. This
process is promoted by the wisdom of the yin and yang energy
embryo, which has the power of the original yang energy
particle, and the information values and knowledge from the
positive environment are properly decoded. Then, the
original yin energy particle absorbs those correctly decoded
information values into the yin and yang energy embryo. That
causes the two original yin and yang energy particles to react
to encode information as follows:
+ The original positive intellectual wave code fibre of
the original positive energy particle has simulated a
vibrational wave code rhythm at the positive pole after it has
obtained the connection between positive information values
for sustainable develop ment between the external
environment and the internal environment of the original
positive intellectual wave code fibre. That means that the
intellectual wave code rhythm at the anode encodes positive
information values that have similarities in positive values
between the two external and internal environments, which
is the dharma that unifies the dharma of yellow positive
energy particles.
+ The original yin intellectual wave code fibre of the
original negative energy particle also simulated a vibrating
wave code rhythm at the anode after it absorbed the positive
information values of the external environment for the
original positive energy particle. That means that the original

positive particle controls the intellectual wave code fibre of
the original negative energy particle, and there are no internal
toxins, so it quickly encodes the positive information values
outside into its positive pole to form the first vibrational wave
beat. This beat section of the negative intellectual wave code
is the dharma that refutes dharma because the positive
information values and good elements of the external
environment have overwritten on the intellectual wave code
of the negative energy par ticle when the original positive
energy particle controls it.
- Next, in searching and researching to unify people and
spread values that bring sustainable development to
everyone and all species, that person will access and interact
with negative information of knowledge and people. That
spreads values that harm eve ryone and all species to satisfy
one's interests. However, because the yin and yang energy
embryo has the power of the original yang energy particle,
external negative values are penetrated by the wisdom of the
yang energy particle. Therefore, when people interact in this
negative environment, the process of encoding information in
the yin and yang energy embryo takes place as follows:
+ The original positive intellectual wave code of the
original positive energy particle had to fight fiercely with
negative information values from the outside, and the toxins
in the original negative energy particle began to occur. As a
result, it won, and the original positive intellectual wave code
strand finished simulating a vibrating wave code rhythm at its
negative pole. That wave code segment retains the truth and
nature of malicious information from the outside
environment after it has been decoded . It is the dharma that

Practice Producing Yellow Positive Energy Particles

refutes the dharma. That means that the vibrational wave
code at the negative pole of the diffuse positive energy
particle contains love for all things and all species to create
more motivation for unifying people to spread sustainable
development values.
+ The original negative intellectual wave code is
agitated, and the emergence of toxins hidden inside occurs
when interacting with the harmful external environment.
This process causes that person to have negative emotions
and suffer in the struggle betwee n unifying everyone and
spreading values to satisfy their selfishness and causing
consequences for everyone and all species or unifying people
and spreading sustainable development values for everyone
and all species without their selfishness. However, bec ause
the original positive energy particle can control the original
negative energy particle and negative information in the
external environment, it quickly negates negative information
in the external environment. Therefore, in the original
negative inte llectual wave code fibre of the original yin
particle, the rhythm of the vibration wave code at the cathode
has been simulated. That is the dharma that unites with the
dharma. That means that this vibrating wave code connects
harmful information in the ext ernal environment and the
toxicity of the original yin particle. However, it has been
controlled and removed, so there is no longer any toxicity.
Instead, it has the informational value of understanding and
being enlightened about the negative values of th e original
negative energy particle and negative information in the
external environment. Do you know? This is the stage where
people can get the most destructive energy particles to attack

them. You should sink into negative thoughts and let your
mind sink into desires to satisfy your interests at the expense
of everyone and all species. To increase the attack of
destructive energy particles, think negatively about
informational values, such as the origin, practice mission,
method of liberating human suffering, and the nature of all
things before positive energy particles and enlightened
wisdom control them.
- The person's interaction process between two
positive and negative environments occurs continuously over
time. That makes decoding and encoding information of yin
and yang energy embryos fierce and stressful. The vibrational
wave code rhythms contain the positive informational values
of unifying everyone and spreading sustainable development
values in the positive pole formed. The vibrational wave code
rhythms contain the values of understanding, and the impulse
to unify and spread the value developed at the cathode is also
formed in both the original negative and positive energy
particles.
At the end of the process of decoding and encoding
information from the external environment, the original
positive intellectual wave code fibre of the original positive
energy particle has finished simulating the vibration wave
code from point (1) to poin t (2) for the process of producing
yellow positive energy particles. The yin energy particle's
original negative intellectual wave code strand also simulates
the vibration wave code from point (1) to point (2) for
producing negative energy particles with w eak electric
waves.

Practice Producing Yellow Positive Energy Particles

You must remember that if you want more particles of
destructive energy to attack your soul, you must take
advantage of the moments of interaction with the harmful
external environment and enhance the moment you are
immersed in a negative mind because of its benefits that harm
everyone and all species. Remember that to get more
destructive energy particles, you must think about the
wisdom of all things and the path of practice in a negative
state.
Because you are practising a reaction that produces
yellow positive energy particles, you must remember the
nature of all things, the origin, the mission and the path to
liberation from suffering when incarnated as a human to
connect with positive informat ion from the outside
environment. It will help you reactivate the power of good
elements and heat from the original positive energy particle
to control and eliminate the toxins in the root negative energy
particle with toxic information from the outside environment.
By doing that, you will finish simulating the vibration wave
code in the yin and yang energy embryo to produce yellow
positive energy particles with super strong electric waves and
negative energy particles with weak electric waves. In
particular, it will help the soul inside radiate heat to turn
destructive energy particles into particles of fire. Fire
particles are the state of destructive energy particles about to
explode. Up to this point, you have had an excellent state of
mind and soul for transforming into an ideology to produce
yellow positive energy particles.
Stage 3: Stage of creating an ideology to produce
yellow positive energy particles:

This is the stage of producing enlightenment ideology
for producing yellow positive energy particles. It is an
ideology that unifies people to spread values of development
for everyone and all species without their benefit.
To have an enlightened ideology in unifying everyone
and spreading values that bring development to all people
and all species, everyone must rely on the truth of
enlightenment to understand the truth of the practice mission
in the human world. From there, everyone will have the
strength to let go of attachments and selfishness of toxins that
have arisen in the original negative energy particle when
interacting with harmful environments. Next, rely on and
receive positive values from knowledge and positive people
in a positive environment. It will be the power to help the
original positive energy particle win against the toxic
information of the negative environment and the toxins of the
original negative energy particle.
Significantly to increase the power and value of the
ideological point (2) in the intellectual wave code of the
yellow positive energy particle, everyone should think about
the knowledge of the origin, the mission of practice, and the
method of completing that mission is associated with the
understanding of energy particles and the enlightenment of
the two truths. That will help the energy embryo have the
magical power to detonate the destructive energy particles
that attack the tuelinh at the decoding and encoding stage.
The hot heat from detonated destructive energy particles
with information value will create a great ideology in
producing yellow positive energy particles. At the same time,
the original positive wisdom wave code strand of the original

Practice Producing Yellow Positive Energy Particles

yang particle and the negative wisdom wave code strand of
the original yin particle have completed the simulation of the
enlightenment ideology in point number (2).
When a point (2) is created in both the original positive
and negative particles, it begins the action phase in the
following stage. Besides, it also shows the power of
informational value for sustainable development in
detonating destructive energy to inc rease the power of
enlightenment ideology.
Phase 4: Action phase to produce yellow positive
energy particles:
This is the stage of inheriting the functions and tasks
specified in point (2) in the ideology to satisfy the unifying
and spreading values for sustainable development for
everyone and all species without one's benefit.
The action phase may occur as a single act of
interaction with people, animals, and all things, or it may be a
series of actions to end the phase of positive energy particle
production.
After obtaining the ideology for producing yellow
positive energy particles with the power of enlightened
wisdom, the action process of creating yellow positive energy
particles takes place as follows:
- To satisfy the production of yellow positive energy
particles, people must interact with the negative environment
through negative people and knowledge. Negative
information will make people doubt themselves and worry
they cannot unify and spread the desired development value.
In addition, the toxins of the original negative energy particle

are reawakened and cause the mind to have thoughts that
only want to satisfy its benefits while ignoring the good values
created in the ideology before. The toxins in the original
negative energy particle linked with the toxins of external
negative informa tion will absorb many destructive energy
particles if people sink into a state of anxiety and suffering.
That is negative thinking about the values of the origin, the
practice mission, and the method of achieving the mission
associated with the development value being created. At that
time, many destructive energy particles attack your tuelinh.
However, it would be best if you relied on the truth of the
universe to understand that those feelings of suffering,
anxiety, and sadness are fake because they are n ot real. Still,
only the yellow energy particles produced can help you
become respected in the human world and the universe.
When you have positive thoughts, the heat in the tuelinh is
reactivated, and it causes the particles of destruction to be
transformed into particles of fire.
- Detonate the particles of fire by relying on the truth of
enlightenment to have great determination and will in
completing actions that unify and spread sustainable
development values for everyone and all species. It would
help to rely more on enlightene d and positive people to gain
strength. The resonance of that power will help your soul
detonate all particles of fire.
Interacting with positive and negative environments
will help the original positive and negative wisdom wave code
strand in the yin and yang energy embryo to simulate the
wisdom strand further. The intellectual fibre segments of the
positive and negative p articles are encoded with the

Practice Producing Yellow Positive Energy Particles

information values of the external environment, internal
environment, and the heat of the detonated destructive
energy. The intellectual fibre segment is the segment that
performs actions for the vibration code segment from point
(1) to point (2).
The result of this phase is to complete the simulation of
point (3) in the intellectual wave code fibre of both the
original positive and negative energy particles. Then, from the
original positive wisdom wave code strand in the original
positive particle, it produces and copies a wisdom wave code
strand with super strong electric waves. From the original
negative intellectual wave code strand in the original negative
particle, it will create and copy an intellectual wave code
strand with weak electric wave s. The yellow positive
intellectual wave code strand is stored in the original positive
particle, and the negative intellectual wave code strand with
weak electric waves is stored in the original negative particle.
Stage 5: The stage of the intellectual wave code
fibre carries super strong positive electric waves that
produce yellow causal energy particles:
This stage occurs immediately after the end of an action
or series of actions that produce yellow positive energy
particles in the previous stage.
The stage of creating causal energy particles takes place
as follows:
- At the original positive energy particle, the newly
yellow positive intellectual wave code strand that has just
been born is being stored next to the original positive
intellectual wave code strand of the original positive particle.

From that strand of positive intellectual wave code, it copies
into many strands of positive intellectual wave code because
of the heat in the yin and yang energy embryo. Those strands
of intellectual wave code move to the positive pole to
transform into yellow positive energy particles. Because not
much heat is left in the original positive particle, the yellow
positive intellectual wave code fibre can only copy the
wisdom wave code fibres with weaker positive electric waves.
It is called the neutral particle of the yellow positive particle.
Those neutral intellectual wave code fibres move out to the
yang pole and the protective shell of the mature yin and yang
energy embryo. Next, the yellow positive energy particles at
the positive pole join together to f orm synthetic positive
particles. Then, they and neutral particles move out of the
mature embryo to create new synthetic energy particle
clusters.
- At the original negative energy particle, the negative
intellectual wave code fibre with weak electric waves has just
been produced; it copies into similar intellectual wave code
fibres and moves to the negative pole of the mature energy
embryo to transf orm the smallest negative energy particles.
Then, those smallest negative energy particles bond together
to form a composite negative particle with weak electric
waves and move out to the cluster of positive energy particles
that had just been created earlier.
- The positive energy particles at the positive pole are
also copied and radiated to the outside environment, where a
reaction produces yellow positive energy particles.

Practice Producing Yellow Positive Energy Particles

- In addition, a yellow positive energy particle is
collected at the centre of the operating causal tree on the
central planet.
Thus, when finishing the chain of reactions that
produce positive energy particles, the cause and effect energy
particles are also stored in three areas: in the tuelinh (in the
original positive particle and the synthetic particle structure),
in the external environment where the reaction that produces
the yellow positive particles occurs, and the space that
operates the causal tree on the central planet.
In addition, the action process produces yellow positive
energy particles, creating a positive external environment for
others to learn and follow. That is similar to that person
having received positive information values from the external
environment.
What do you see through the reactions that produce
yellow positive energy particles? It is the information
circulation mechanism in the rotation mechanism of the yin
and yang energy embryo and the mechanism for producing
and connecting the smallest energy particles by the
information reaction process between the internal
environment and the outside environment. They create a
super strong, sustainable path of transformation to produce
both sustainable positive energy particles, neutral particles,
and negative particles with weak electric waves. That helps
the synthetic energy particle structure of the tuelinh to
develop, and the tuelinh becomes more mature when the
synthetic particle structures have a 1:1 balance ratio between
negative and positive particles.

Thus, that chain of reactions produces yellow positive
energy particles, enlightened energy particles that unify
everyone and spread sustainable development values for
everyone and all species. Enlightened wisdom is decisive in
detonating destructive energy and creating great information
values for energy particles to create yellow positive energy
particles.
Also, remember that in all reactions that produce
energy particles, if people do not practice the actions in stage
4 after creating the ideology in point (2), the vibration wave
code being simulated will disappear. It would help if you
remembered that the intellectual wave code and energy
particles only form when you complete actions. This means
that point (3) in the intellectual wave code fib re is formed
after the end of the action is the moment when the intellectual
wave code fibre is born.
Please take the content of producing yellow energy
particles of solidarity in the form of the Tao of Teacher and
student to observe in practice. Please apply this reaction of
creating positive energy particles of solidarity to your
practice in those real c ases. Consider it an exercise for you
after completing this lesson. By applying the knowledge of the
lecture to real -life analysis, you will grow faster in
enlightened wisdom."
A student told the Teacher, "Teacher, our class has
ended. This course is extremely miraculous because it can
heal mental and physical illnesses and help learners heal the
illness of ignorance to achieve enlightenment. We always look
forward to attending class to learn any of your courses."

Practice Producing Yellow Positive Energy Particles

The Teacher said, "Instead of regretting, please devote
your time and effort to spreading the unified Tao of the
universe to everyone and humanity. That is the magical path
that helps you produce countless positive energy particles.
You will transform the yin and yang energy embryo into an
energy filter when you produce enough yellow positive
energy particles.
Hey you! Don't waste your life with desires to satisfy
material forms in life. Let go of desires that do not help your
soul grow, and instead, have the desire to unify everyone and
spread this knowledge of complete enlightenment to
humanity. Do work that c auses all things in the universe to
revere those actions."