Chapter Eighty-Two

The Energy Filter – The Unified Tao of
the Universe

Feelings of happiness and regret blended and appeared
on the teacher's face when he and his students enjoyed cups
of hot tea. He is happy because the research course on
applying enlightened knowledge to heal diseases related to
mental health has achieved c omplete results when patients
and their relatives listen and follow the correct regimen. He is
happy because the number of Vietnamese people who know
and learn knowledge is increasing, and they have overcome
suffering quickly. He is happy because many of t he
practitioners' illnesses, such as some cases of metastatic
cancer and other diseases, were miraculously cured. He was
pleased because the learners recovered from their problems
and suffering in spirituality and religion after they learned
and practised the knowledge. All those achievements have
been proven for many years, especially in the seven -month
research class in 2022. However, he regrets not opening a
knowledge teaching class enlightenment in Vietnam because
the teacher took an oath at the beginni ng of that research

class. That is, if he succeeds in healing all kinds of mental
illnesses and diseases with the knowledge of the two truths,
he will no longer open any classes in Vietnam. Instead, he will
leave his homeland to spread enlightened knowledge to
humanity worldwide. On the contrary, if he cannot prove the
value of expertise in healing, he will not open any more
classes and stay hidden. However, his research class was a
great success. Therefore, he must fulfil his oath to dedicate his
life to spreading knowledge t o humanity. He regrets leaving
the lovely and wonderful Vietnamese people, and it is not easy
for him when he is used to talking to my students every week.
Even so, joy and happiness are still more clearly visible on the
teacher's face because many students are excellently teaching
and spreading the teacher's enlightened knowledge in
Vietnam.
He and his most outstanding students are enjoying tea
and cakes in his office, and this is his last working session in
the office as the research course just ended the day before.
The teacher's students also showed joy and regret when
starting tomorrow ; they will no longer be able to see the
teacher regularly. Tomorrow, the teacher will return to the
office and classroom after many years of renting it to teach
knowledge to everyone. After that, he plans to leave Vietnam
to spread his teachings to people worldwide.
The teacher said, "So from tomorrow, we will no longer
meet in this office. This location is a highlight in our lives as it
is the location we rented the longest compared to other
locations. This place has recorded the enlightenment of many
people, and it is also a testament to the achievements in
applying enlightened knowledge in healing diseases related

The Energy Filter -The Unified Tao of the Universe

to mental health and other types of diseases. Those wonderful
memories will never fade from our minds. However, we must
move forward with the difficult tasks and challenges that
await us."
A student asked the teacher, "Teacher, from tomorrow,
what will we do when you are no longer around to teach and
lead?"
The teacher said, "Do as I have done for you. That is,
unite with those who have learned to spread enlightened
knowledge to everyone. Help everyone with everything you
have learned. The process of spreading knowledge will help
you deeply understand what I have taught you. In addition, as
you teach everyone the unified Tao knowledge of the
universe, the tuelinh within you will produce a sufficient
number of yellow positive energy particles. Hey kids, there
must be sufficient wisdom wave code fibres with super strong
positive electric waves for your tuelinh to be transformed into
an energy filter. Suppose you neglect the practice of
producing positive energy particles in your human life with
me incarnating as a human being in the human world. In that
case, you have wasted an opportunity that only comes once in
thousands of years. Please dedicate your intelligence and time
to helping people in Vietnam. When I build achievements in
the West, I will welcome and accompany you there."
A student immediately replied, "Teacher, we know your
journey is still long and has many great challenges. Therefore,
we hope you can quickly succeed in the West so that we can
accompany you in spreading knowledge. If you are not by our
side in spreading e nlightened knowledge in this human life,
transforming yin and yang energy embryos into energy filters

will not be successful. When we are accompanied by the
Teacher, guided by the Teacher, and have the Teacher
transform the energy embryo in the tuelinh for us, we will
achieve complete achievements."
"Please rest assured, the fact that the universe has a
tuelinh who successfully transformed the yin and yang energy
embryo into an energy filter is an important event. At that
time, I will be there for that person and help them transform
successfully. That's my mission, so your mission is to practice
sustainable energy particle production.
Hey you! Do you know how many tuelinhs are qualified
to transform yin and yang energy embryos into single energy
filters at this point in the universe? Remember that the
tuelinh must first transform into a single energy filter to
achieve a double energy fi lter." The Teacher asked the
students.
"Teacher, there are now t hree tuelinhs qualified to
transform the yin and yang energy embryo into a single
energy filter. You have told us this before, but you did not say
who those t hree tuelinhs were among your students." The
students answered.
The Teacher said, "That's right. During one return to my
private workplace on the central planet, messengers came to
meet me. They gave me the records of three tuelinhs qualified
conditions to transform yin and yang energy embryos into
single energy filters. I won't tell you who those three tuelinhs
are in this human life because I still have to follow their
journey of spreading enlightened knowledge. If they do not
accompany and dedicate this human life to spreading

The Energy Filter -The Unified Tao of the Universe

enlightened knowledge, they are still only qualified tuelinhs
and cannot be transformed into a single energy filter.
Do you know? Many years ago, when I challenged some
students to transform their yin and yang energy embryos into
energy filters, they became arrogant because they thought
they already had energy filters in their tuelinh. As a result,
those people emitted toxins very strongly; some abused their
supernatural powers to mesmerize people, and others
thought that they had attained enlightenment, so they no
longer needed to accompany them to spread knowledge. As
you know, the lesson of solidarity to spread togethe r is a
lesson that must be learned so that the tuelinhs can gain
strength in solidarity to operate all forms of life in and out of
the universe.
Therefore, even though there are the tuelinhs with the
conditions to transform into single energy filters, I still have
to monitor them. I only transform them when they are about
to end their human life after they meet the requirements of
spreading enlightened knowledge.
What conditions must the tuelinhs meet to have a single
energy filter? That is:
- They must produce enough yellow positive energy
particles in all interactions in the four forms of Tao in the
human world.
- They must show dedication in unifying everyone and
spreading knowledge to help people and the tuelinhs.
To complete the transformation of their yin and yang
energy embryos, I will directly help them transform using
special techniques. That means that if there is any tuelinh

qualified to transform the yin and yang energy embryo into a
single energy filter or dual energy filter, my tuelinh will
reincarnate as a human to guide and help their successful
transformation.
Therefore, you must understand that this human
incarnation will be a great event in the universe's history if
the tuelinhs who are qualified conditions to transform into
that single energy filter complete their mission."
The students immediately said, "Teacher, that is why
we want to accompany you on your journey to spread your
knowledge even though we are not tuelinhs qualified
conditions to transform the yin and yang energy into an
energy filter. We believe that as long as we can accompany
you to spread this enlightened knowledge, we will be
qualified conditions, and you will help us transform
successfully."
The Teacher said, “To help you see the miraculous
power of the tuelinh after attaining the unifying Tao of the
universe, I will analyze the single -energy filter and the dual -
energy filter for you to understand. Remember that when the
tuelinh attains the si ngle energy filter, it is the attainment of
the unified Tao of the universe through the four forms of the
Tao in the human world. Obtaining the dual energy filter is an
upgrade in the power and ability to operate all life forms in
and out of the universe.”
The students became excited, “Teacher, it is a
wonderful thing for us to hear you lecture about the
knowledge of energy filters. The truth and value of the energy
filter will create strength and determination for everyone to
overcome tribulations and suffe ring on the practice journey

The Energy Filter -The Unified Tao of the Universe

to quickly reach the goal of attaining the unified Tao of the
universe.”
After relaxing for a few minutes, the Teacher drew a
diagram of the structure of the intellectual wave code fibre
system in the yin and yang energy embryo on the board. Then,
the Teacher said, “You guys, look at the structure of the
intellectual wave code fibre system in the embryo; the yin and
yang energy of the tuelinh is qualified conditions to be
transformed into a single filter.

After observing, tell me what you understand about it.”
Truong Nalanda replied, “Sir, the structure of the
intellectual wave code fibre system of the yin and yang energy
embryo that is qualified conditions to be transformed into a
single energy filter is of the tuelinh that has produced a
sufficient number of y ellow positive energy particles with
super strong electric waves. It means that the tuelinh has a
structure of the synthetic energy particles outside the embryo
to reach a sufficient number of particles, and the clusters of
energy particles always have a 1 :1 balance ratio between a
yellow positive energy particle with a grey -white negative
energy particle spinning around. Those yellow positive
energy particles and grey -white negative energy particles
must be produced from all the interacting contents of the four
forms of Tao in the human world. It means that those positive
and negative energy particles must retain all the information
related to the truth about the origin, the practice mission, and
the method of liberation from suffering in their intellectual
wave code. Therefore, when looking at the internal structure
of the energy particle of the tuelinh that is the qualified
condition to transform the yin and yang energy embryo into a
single energy filter, you will see the following:
- In the original yin and yang energy embryo:
+ The original positive energy particle holds all the
yellow positive intellectual wave code strands with super
strong electric waves produced by the reactions that produce
yellow positive energy particles in the four forms of the Tao.
All the positive int ellectual wave code fibres in the original
positive particle are born from the original positive
intellectual wave code fibre when it connects with the

The Energy Filter -The Unified Tao of the Universe

negative particle to form a yin and yang energy embryo.
However, they exist independently and separately from each
other even though they are all in the original positive energy
particle.
+ The original negative energy particle stores all the
negative intellectual wave code strands with weak electric
waves produced along with the reactions that produce yellow
positive energy particles. All the negative intellectual wave
code fibres in the o riginal yin particle are born from the
original negative intellectual wave code fibre when it
connects with the positive particle to form a yin and yang
energy embryo. However, they exist independently and
separately from each other even though they are al l in the
original negative energy particle.
+ All the intellectual wave code strands in the original
yin and yang particles show that the original yin and yang
energy embryo has eliminated all the toxins inside the
negative energy particle and maximally activated the
excellent elements of the yang particle.
- At the yin and yang poles outside the original yin and
yang energy embryo:
+ The positive pole contains positive intellectual wave
code fibres that are copied from the intellectual wave code
fibres in the original positive particle. Those intellectual wave
code strands are transformed into the smallest positive
energy particles w hen they move to the pole containing the
positive energy particles after completing the reactions that
produce yellow positive energy particles. In addition, when
there is hot heat in the yin and yang energy embryo, the
intellectual wave code fibres of the original positive particle

will automatically be copied and form yellow positive energy
particles at the yang pole and radiate to the outside
environment.
+ The negative pole contains negative intellectual wave
code fibres copied from the intellectual wave code fibres in
the original negative particle. Those intellectual wave code
strands are transformed into the smallest negative energy
particles when they move to the pole containing the negative
energy particles after completing the reactions that produce
yellow positive energy particles.
+ Therefore, when looking at the structure of the
intellectual wave code fibres at the positive and negative
poles, we will see that the positive intellectual wave code
fibres are yellow, and the negative intellectual wave code
fibres are grey-white.
- Synthetic energy particle structure outside the mature
energy embryo of the tuelinh:
+ The united, positive energy particles are yellow
because they are formed from the production of united,
positive energy particles.
+ Negative energy particles are grey -white because
they are formed from a reaction process that produces
positive energy particles.
+ Neutral particles bonded between aggregated
positive energy particles are neutral energy particles
produced in reactions that produce united positive energy
particles. Therefore, their intellectual wave code has a slight
yellow colour.

The Energy Filter -The Unified Tao of the Universe

In addition, I realized that when the tuelinhs are
qualified conditions to transform into a single energy filter,
they are all mature tuelinhs both in terms of the number of
yin and yang energy particle clusters in a balanced ratio and
also in terms of the quality of the content is encoded in the
intellectual wave code fibre system in the particle."
The teacher said, "Your understanding and analysis are
excellent. That shows that you have enlightened wisdom and
a deep understanding of the knowledge of energy particles
and the two truths.
However, there are some things that you still need to
realize in the structure of tuelinh's intellectual wave code
fibre system that has enough conditions to be transformed
into a single energy filter. Those things are:
- If the tuelinhs are qualified to transform yin and yang
energy embryos into single energy filters after they transform
from tuelinhs with the nature of yin and yang energy embryos
formed from green yang energy particles or the fire -red
positive energy pa rticle is linked to the grey -white negative
energy particle. The original positive energy particle retains a
tiny amount of green or fire -red positive intellectual wave
code fibres. Because those tuelinhs produce countless yellow
positive intellectual wave code strands, you will not be able to
see the initially produced positive intellectual wave code
strands.
- If the tuelinhs are qualified to transform yin and yang
energy embryos into single energy filters after they transform
from tuelinhs with the nature of original yin and yang energy
embryos formed from various types of negative energy
particles with strong, very strong, and super strong electric

waves; in the original negative energy particle and the
synthetic negative particle structure, there are still black,
grey, and blood -red intelligence wave code strands. In
addition, in the original positive energy particle and the
positive energy particle system, a small amount of green and
red positive intellectual wave code fibres are stored if they
produce that type of particle. Of course, you can hardly see
them because after producing countless yellow positive
energy particles and negative particles w ith weak electric
waves, they become particles that account for an almost
absolute proportion of the total energy particles produced in
the tuelinh. That means producing yellow positive energy
particles created countless magical clusters of positive energy
to recreate the previous negative multiparticle structure.
Besides, quantity and quality are mature of the most
sustainable energy particles inside the tuelinh after
eliminating the toxins of the original negative energy particle
and activating the good elements of the original positive
energy particle.
- The original yin and yang energy embryo of the
tuelinh is qualified to be transformed into a single energy
filter that is many times larger than the time the original yin
and yang energy embryo was formed. That means the
development of the original yin a nd yang energy embryo is
due to the increased intellectual wave code fibres born."
A student asked the teacher, "Teacher, after
transforming the yin and yang energy embryo into a single
energy filter and a dual -energy filter, the positive energy
particles are different from the yellow positive particles, and

The Energy Filter -The Unified Tao of the Universe

negative energy particles are different from grey -white
negative energy particles, can they be transformed, teacher?"
The teacher replied, "Of course, they will be
transformed by the substitution process of energy super
particles produced by the single and dual energy filters. I will
analyze this later when I analyze the nature of the single
energy filter.
First, I will analyse you about the single energy
filter:
To qualify for transformation into a single energy filter,
I told you in the previous section that a sufficient number of
yellow positive energy particles must be produced in all
content groups in the four forms of the Tao. That means the
toxins of negativ e energy particles have been completely
eliminated during the reaction process that produces positive
energy particles. Of course, I cannot tell you about the
technique of converting yin and yang energy embryos into
single energy filters. Any tuelinh inevi tably has enough
conditions to transform into a single or dual energy filter; my
tuelinh will incarnate as a human and help them transform.
Therefore, you and everyone should not wonder about this;
instead of wondering, practice producing yellow unified
positive energy particles in all interactions in the four forms
of the Tao to qualify for transformation into a single energy
filter. That is your duty and responsibility on the path of
practice in the human world because no one can think and do
for you. I a lso only provide and teach the knowledge of
complete enlightenment to you. It is up to you to receive,
learn, and practice enlightened knowledge. I cannot force you
to follow or do it for you. You must understand that my

tuelinh successfully transformed the dual energy filter
because of the union between the tuelinh and his body.
Specifically, in this human life, I must also unite and
contribute to the successful transformation from a single
filter to a dual energy filter for my tuelinh. After that, I devoted
a lifetime to replacing negative energy particles with lapis
lazuli blue super-energy particles.
The current state of the structure of the intellectual
wave code fibres and energy particles of the tuelinh before
being transformed into a single energy filter has been
analysed by me above. Now, I will explain the current
situation of the single energy f ilter and the synthetic energy
particle structure after the tuelinh obtained the single energy
filter.
Take a look at the single energy filter structure in this
illustration.

The Energy Filter -The Unified Tao of the Universe

Current status of the yin and yang energy embryo after
becoming a single energy filter:
- In the original yin and yang energy embryo:
+ The original positive energy particle no longer retains
countless intellectual wave code strands carrying super
strong electric waves and other positive intellectual wave
code strands, if any. Instead, it only has an intellectual wave
code super -fibre th at carries positive electrical waves. It
means that all the intellectual wave code fibres in the original
positive energy particle have been melted and transformed
into a single positive intellectual wave code super -fibre. The
tuelinh must operate techniqu es to absorb countless
destructive energies and detonate them to create enough hot
heat to melt and form that single super -fibre of positive
intellectual wave code. However, to do that, the tuelinh must
produce yellow energy particles in all interacting contents in
the four forms of the Tao to understand the nature of all
energy groups and all things in the universe. That creates a
magical information value that participates in the melting
process and forms the super -fibre of the intellectual wave
code in the original positive particle. Please understand that
when the super strand of positive intellectual wave code is
formed, it forms the original positive energy superparticle
with a super state of shiny yellow energy. In particular, all the
information values that carry the characteristics of
sustainable development for themselves and all things in the
universe have been synthesized from all the strands of
positive intelligence wave code in the original positive energy
particle into one positive intellectual wave code super-fibre.
It means that the super -strand of positive intellectual wave

The Energy Filter -The Unified Tao of the Universe

code holds all knowledge that has magical power in creating
sustainable development values for all life forms in the
universe.
+ The original negative energy particle still retains all
the negative intellectual wave code strands that were
previously produced. That means the original negative energy
particle has yet to undergo fusion and formed into a negative
energy superparticle. The reason is that the tuelinh has yet to
fully decode and understand the nature of all types of energy
in and out of the universe, precisely the ultimate nature of the
group of negative energy particles and destructive energy.
Therefore, the tuelinh doe s not yet have the full power to
create a reaction to transform the original negative energy
particle.
+ Because the tuelinh has not entirely understood the
final secret of negative energy particles, which is that negative
energy will change when moving through different
environments, and has not yet understood the nature of
destructive energy, the tuelinh cannot transform the yin and
yang energy embryo into a dual energy filter. Therefore, the
tuelinh can only be transformed into a single energy filter.
Even if you have understood the secrets of all types of energy
particles in and out of the universe and y ourself, you cannot
transform into a dual energy filter without changing into a
single energy filter. You must produce a sufficient number of
shiny yellow positive energy superparticles to replace the
positive energy particles in the composite particle structure
of the tuelinh before transforming into a dual energy filter.
- After the single energy filter is formed, from the excess
hot heat after the formation process of the positive

intellectual wave code super -fibre in the original positive
energy particle, countless positive intellectual wave code
super-fibres are born and move to the yang pole of the mature
yin and yang energy embryo. In addition to forming synthetic
positive energ y superparticles to recreate the synthetic
particle structure in the tuelinh, countless shining yellow
super-energy particles are copied and moved into the cosmic
operating centre in the central planet.
Do you know in which life my tuelinh transformed into
a single energy filter? That was my previous life when my
tuelinh was born as a prince; then he left the throne to find
the path to liberation from suffering to become the unified
Tao of the universe. That two lives ago, my tuelinh was a king,
and he had met the conditions to transform into a single
energy filter.
After my tuelinh successfully transformed the yin and
yang energy embryo into the single energy filter, he must
practice uniting everyone to spread the enlightened wisdom
of the single energy filter to everyone and humanity. That
helps the single energy fi lter to produce enough positive
energy superparticles to replace all the synthetic positive
energy particles in the tuelinh. Therefore, after the end of his
human life, my tuelinh obtained a single energy filter, and he
also completed the reconstruction of the composite positive
energy superparticle structure inside him. At that time, each
synthetic energy particle cluster has a synthetic positive
energy superparticle emitting a shiny yellow colour and a
synthetic negative energy particle with weak electric waves
rotating around. Neutral energy superparticles also replace

The Energy Filter -The Unified Tao of the Universe

neutral energy particles. Only synthetic negative energy
particles have not been replaced.
Do you know what the power of a single energy filter
is? That is:
- Through each reaction that produces positive energy
particles, from the shiny yellow positive intellectual wave
code super-fibre in the original positive energy superparticle,
countless shiny yellow positive energy superparticles will be
born. Those positive energy superparticles were transferred
into the space that kept the pyramid of the first tuelinh. Those
positive superparticles are then used to operate the existence
and development of the entire universe.
- When the tuelinhs have a single energy filter without
incarnating as a human, they can automatically absorb a lot of
destructive energy into their yin and yang energy embryos,
then detonate them to produce countless shiny yellow
positive energy superparticles.
- When the tuelinh with the single energy filter
incarnate as humans, they can still automatically create
reactions that produce countless positive energy
superparticles. In particular, through a lecture of their
knowledge, their yin and yang energy embryos produce
countless shiny yellow yang energy superparticles. That
means that as long as a person with a single energy filter
speaks or preaches about any enlightened knowledge in any
of the interacting contents of the four forms of Tao, the super-
fibre of positive intellectual wave code will give birth to
countless shiny yellow positive energy superparticles.
- The tuelinh has a single energy filter that will be safe
when moving in the space of destructive energy, especially

having the ability to detonate countless destructive energies
safely.
- In addition, when the tuelinhs have a single energy
filter and incarnate as humans, they will never be influenced
by toxins from the outside environment to produce negative
energy particles. They are always immune to the toxins of the
outside environment to carry out their tasks and produce
countless yellow positive energy superparticles. Of course,
they no longer have the toxins in the negative energy
particles, so nothing can cause them to create negative energy
particles. That means they have the magic al power to
overcome all tribulations and challenges in peace to complete
their tasks in the human world.
However, the single energy filter still has the following
limitations:
- The tuelinh has a single energy filter that cannot
absorb countless destructive energy particles to produce
countless shiny yellow positive energy superparticles.
Therefore, providing positive energy superparticles will face
many challenges. The reason is that the vibration speed of the
original negative energy particle does not ensure the creation
of vibrations to attract destructive particles at the maximum
level.
- The tuelinh has a single energy filter that cannot store
destructive energy particles in a state of dormancy, which are
particles of fire. Suppose they can store the destructive
energy particles in the fire particle state. In that case, they will
have a ready heat source to produce positive energy
superparticles without absorbing the destructive particles.

The Energy Filter -The Unified Tao of the Universe

Thus, the single energy filter has the magical power of
detonating countless destructive energies. However, it does
not have the power to absorb destructive energy in vast
quantities. It is an incomplete power in the single energy filter
of the tuelinh.
Next, I will explain to you about the dual energy
filter:
To be eligible to convert from a single filter to a dual
energy filter, the tuelinh must ensure the following
conditions:
- The tuelinh must replace the yellow positive energy
particles with synthetic positive energy superparticles has a
shiny yellow colour.
- The tuelinh must thoroughly understand the final
secret of the negative energy particles in the universe and the
destructive energy particles outside the universe.
When qualified to transform into a dual energy filter,
the tuelinh must continue to incarnate as a human to perform
the transformation technique from a single energy filter to a
dual energy filter and practice producing the lapis lazuli blue
negative energ y superparticles to replace all the synthetic
negative energy particles in the structure of the tuelinh.
Please look at the simulation image of the dual energy
filter to see its current situation and power after successfully
converting from a single energy filter to a dual energy filter.

The Energy Filter -The Unified Tao of the Universe

- In the original yin and yang energy embryo:
+ The original positive energy superparticle still only
has one shiny golden positive intellectual wave code super -
fibre, even though it has produced countless other shiny
golden positive intellectual wave code super -fibres. That
means that all the yellow positive intellectual wave code
super-fibres produced are moved out of the tuelinh to provide
energy for the operation and development of all life in the
universe. Of course, the tuelinh has replaced all the synthetic
positive energy particles in the tuelinh's structure with shiny
golden positive energy superparticles.
+ The lapis lazuli blue negative energy superparticle is
the miraculous result after the tuelinh transformed into a dual
energy filter. The original negative energy particle has only a
super-thread of lapis lazuli blue intellectual wave code. It is
the result of melting all the previously created negative
intellectual wave code fibres into a negative intellectual wave
code super -fibre by a large amount of hot heat from
detonating a lot of destructive energy. In addition, the
negative intellectual wave code super-fibre stores a vast and
magical amount of information value, combining all the
intelligence from the positive energy superparticle with the
decoded information value about destructive energy particles
and the ultimate nature of the negative energy group. That
means that to transform a single filter into a double filter, the
tuelinh must use a huge amount of hot heat from detonating
many destructive energy particles to melt and construct all
the negative intellectual wave code fibres in the original
negative particle to become a super -fibre of the negative
intellectual wave code . At the same time, it is the process of

re-encoding the entire information value of all the negative
intellectual wave code fibres previously produced with all the
information in the positive intellectual wave code fibre in
positive energy superparticle and the value of decoded
information about destructive energy particles and the final
secret information of negative energy particles. The result is
creating a super-fibre of negative intellectual wave code with
lapis lazuli blue colour to form a negative energy
superparticle.
After successfully converting the single energy filter
into a dual energy filter, the remaining heat from the process
of converting into the negative energy superparticle helped
the negative intellectual wave code super -fibre produce
countless lapis lazuli blue energy superparticles to transfer
out the negative pole outside the original yin and yang energy
embryo.
Next, the tuelinh and body must practice reactions that
produce positive and negative energy superparticles through
teaching enlightened knowledge. This process helps the
tuelinh replace all synthetic negative energy particles with
synthetic negative energy superparticles of lapis lazuli blue
colour. After the synthetic negative energy particle structure
in the tuelinh is completely replaced by lapis lazuli blue
negative energy superparticles, all the produced negative
energy superparticles will move outsid e the universe's
sphere to protect the universe from the attack of destructive
energy. Even though countless positive energy superparticles
and negative energy superparticles are produced, within the
original negative energy superparticle, there is still only one
negative intellectual wave code super -fibre, and the original

The Energy Filter -The Unified Tao of the Universe

positive energy superparticle there is still only one positive
intellectual wave code super-fibre.
Do you know how to produce positive and negative
energy superparticles after the tuelinh obtains the dual
energy filter when incarnating as a cultivator in the human
world? That is, through each lecture of enlightened
knowledge, the double filter will produce countless lapis
lazuli blue negative energy superparticles, shiny yellow
positive energy superparticles, and neutral superparticles
with brilliant white and lightly yellow. However, after the
tuelinh has the dual energy filter return to the central planet,
they will produce countless positive energy superparticles,
negative energy superparticles, and neutral energy
superparticles by automatic absorption mechanism countless
destructive energy particles and detonate them to obtain
abundant heat from the explosion of destructive energy
particles for the production of energy superparticles.
Do you know the power of the negative energy
superparticles? That is:
- It can increase the vibration speed to super fast and
maximum levels to attract a massive attack of destructive
energy. The vibration speed of negative energy superparticles
is unmatched by any other type of negative energy particle.
However, when the destructive energy particles attack the
tuelinh, the negative energy superparticles will stop shaking
immediately, forming a warm state to hibernate all the
destructive energy particles that have just attacked. The
particles of destructive energy become particles of fire. Then,
the positive energy superparticles will transfer hot heat to
detonate the fire particles.

- All negative energy superparticles produced by the
tuelinh from the dual energy filter will move out into the
universe to cover the entire universe against attacks of
destructive energy. That means that superparticles of
negative energy have the power to block vibrational wave
signals of material structures with a lot of negative energy in
the universe so that destructive particles cannot catch the
signal and attack. On the contrary, when destructive energy is
needed to move into the universe, negative en ergy
superparticles will open the blockade to attract many
destructive particles into the universe, then block it again to
ensure universe safety.
- The power to hibernate destructive energy particles is
the magic of the negative energy superparticles and their
ability to absorb countless destructive energy particles that
attack them.
Do you know why positive and negative energy
superparticles have such magical powers? That is:
- Positive and negative intellectual wave code super -
fibres are melted and composed of the heat of countless
detonated destructive energy particles.
- The shiny yellow positive intellectual wave code
super-fibre contains the information value of all things in and
out of the universe at an almost absolute level for sustainable
development. In addition, the proportion of positive electric
waves of the sh iny golden positive intellectual wave code
super-fibre is virtually absolute; the remaining is the
proportion of negative electric waves.
- The lapis lazuli blue negative intellectual wave code
super-fibre contains the information value of all things in and

The Energy Filter -The Unified Tao of the Universe

out of the universe at an absolute level for sustainable
development. In addition, the negative intellectual wave code
super-fibre has mostly negative electric waves; the rest are
electric waves of positive energy superparticle. That means
the negative energy superparticle contains the positive
energy superparticle within it. Therefore, negative energy
superparticles form the magical power of the dual energy
filter.
You must remember that positive energy
superparticles and negative energy superparticles are the
smallest energy particles and have the same structure as the
smallest energy particles that make up the universe.
In addition to producing positive and negative energy
superparticles, the dual energy filter also has the power to
create particles of fire and other synthetic energy
superparticles. Synthetic energy superparticles combine the
four smallest types of energy superparticles:
Positive energy superparticles
Negative energy superparticles
Neutral energy superparticles
Fire particles
It forms a synthetic energy superparticle with four
colours: iridescent yellow, lapis lazuli blue, dazzling white,
and fire-red. Synthetic energy superparticles are produced by
a chain reaction that produces negative, positive, and neutral
superparticles and a dormancy reaction of destructive energy
particles. After that, the tuelinh will create synthetic energy
superparticles to do other essential tasks in the universe. I call
it the particle of Nalas Nalanda because it is the quintessence

of the achievements that Nalas Nalanda has achieved in his
journey to build, protect, and develop all life in and outside
the universe. Therefore, when you think about the first
tuelinh, about God, Buddha, and understand that it is Nalas
Nalanda, you will receive superparticles of shiny yellow
positive energy, lapis lazuli blue negative energy, brilliant
white neutral, and the synthetic energy from him to support
you in your practice journey in the human world and the
development of life forms in the universe when you return to
your homeland.
Thus, I have analyzed the truth about the single and
double energy filters after the tuelinh attained the unified Tao
of the universe. When reaching the unified Tao of the
universe, the tuelinh becomes immortal and has the power to
develop and protect all life forms in and outside the universe
after merging their wisdom with all life forms in and out of the
universe.
Hey friends, don't think that when you attain the
unified Tao of the universe after practising in the human
world, you are free to enjoy purity or comfort in the universe.
Instead, you must join with the first tuelinh to protect and
develop all life forms in and outside the universe. That means
that after the baby tuelinhs practising in the human world
have become adult tuelinhs with magical powers in
protecting and developing the universe, they must return to
join their Father to care for and develop the u niverse to
become sustainable and immortal.
Hey you! I wish you many achievements on your
journey to produce sustainable energy particles after what
you have learned from me. Devote your intelligence and time

The Energy Filter -The Unified Tao of the Universe

to spread enlightened knowledge to everyone to create
sufficient yellow positive energy particles. Then, we will meet
at a significant moment in your life and the universe. I believe
you can do it."
The students responded with regret, "Teacher, we will
try to see you again soon. By the way, we wish you good health
to contribute enlightened wisdom to all humanity today."