Chapter Eighty-Three

The Hymn – Great Mantra Nalas Nalanda

The hymn is also known as the great mantra Nalas
Nalanda.
The hymn is used to praise and pay tribute to the merits
of building, protecting, and developing all life forms in the
universe of Nalas Nalanda (the Supreme Soul in the universe,
also known as the first Tuelinh, or God, or Buddha). We
especially praise an d pay tribute to his dedication and
sacrifice in his journey of practice and leading all tuelinhs and
souls to practice in the human world to attain the unified Tao
of the universe.
In addition, the hymn has more magical power than all
incantations, magical powers and magic in supporting the
tuelinhs and souls exiled in the human world, sick people,
people who are immersed in suffering, and those who are
practising the enlightened knowledge of the two truths.
When reading, singing, and chanting the sacred hymn –
the great mantra Nalas Nalanda, it means that everyone is
uniting with Nalas Nalanda to rely on the root power, the
power of the whole universe, and the power of Father, the

great Teacher. That will help people connect with all the
energy superparticles of Nalas Nalanda to rely on peace and
help people apply it to resolve spiritual problems, heal mental
illnesses and other diseases, and overcome suffering and
tribulations. Everyone will see the power and miracles in
applying the hymn - the great mantra Nalas Na landa after
everyone learns and understands the entire enlightened
knowledge of Nalas Nalanda. Therefore, please read and learn
knowledge before using this hymn to praise or apply in life.
Contents of the hymn – the great mantra Nalas Nalanda:

“Nalas Nalanda, Nalas Nalanda, Nalas Nalanda.

I bow to the vast heaven and earth.
Let me connect with our homeland and roots.
Let me unite with Father,
The great Teacher, Adidida.

Homeland in my wisdom and soul.
Father's kindness taught me to grow up.
Suffering and destruction are everywhere in the
universe.
Father always enlightens us on the way.

The human world is a realm of practice.
My homeland comes, go with the Father.

The Hymn - Great Mantra Nalas Nalanda

Vow in the form of suffering.
Seek enlightenment and transform the universe.

Reincarnation with many lifetimes to transform.
Immersed in suffering and toxins of self
Day and night, Father sought.
The truth of the enlightenment gained and shone.

I vow to unite with Father.
Please give me the light of enlightenment and
kindness.
Transform all sentient beings.
Return to the homeland and roots.

I vow to unite with Father.
Please give me the light of enlightenment and
kindness.
Save my Body, Soul, and Wisdom.
Transform sustainably and shine throughout the
universe.

I vow that following the Father, the unified Tao of
the universe."