Chapter Eighty-Four

Symbol of the Unified Tao of the Universe

The symbol of the unified Tao of the universe is the
word "Tao" with four wings. Each branch represents a form
of Tao in the human world, including a family Tao, a social
Tao, a national Tao, and a teacher and student Tao. The
intersection point of the fou r wings is the centre of the Tao.
That means that every tuelinh and soul, when incarnated as a
human, must live in the four forms of the Tao, and each tuelinh
or soul inside that person is the mind of the Tao. Thus, each
person is a mind of Tao, and they m ust shoulder the four
forms of Tao in human life to practice and transform yin and
yang energy embryos into energy filters.
The symbol of the word "Tao" reminds all spiritual
beings and people practising in the human world to know
about the origin, mission, and path to liberate suffering to
attain the unified Tao of the universe. Through all the
sufferings and tribulations in many human lives, the tuelinhs
and souls will reach the unified Tao of the universe through
the four forms of the Tao.
The symbol of four wings intersecting to form a mind in
the middle is the word "Tao" in the language of the central

planet. The word Tao will rotate clockwise if people produce
positive energy particles in the four forms of Tao. On the
contrary, the word Tao will turn upside down if people
produce negative energy particles in the four forms of Tao.

When the tuelinh meets the conditions to transform the
yin and yang energy embryo into a single energy filter, the
yellow word Tao appears in their yin and yang energy

Symbol of the Unified Tao of the Universe

embryo. It is the result of producing a sufficient number of
yellow positive energy particles through all the contents of
the four forms of the Tao.
When the tuelinh obtains a single energy filter, the
yellow word Tao is upgraded to a shiny golden colour.
The word Tao is a symbol of the unified Tao of the
universe and a symbol of achievement on the transformation
journey of the tuelinh. Therefore, after the tuelinh attains the
unified Tao of the universe, the yin and yang energy embryo
will birth to countle ss energy superparticles, forming
countless Tao words that move outward.
Students of Nalas Nalanda in the human world learned
how to use the word Tao to apply spiritual and religious
issues and salvation for the tuelinhs and souls trapped in the
human world.