Chapter Eighty-Five

Method of Saving Trapped Tuelinhs and
Souls in the Human World to Return to the
Transiting Planet

As in the chapters, I have talked about the tuelinhs and
souls not being able to return to the central planet or transit
planet after they end human life on Earth. That is, when they
are alive, they are people who do not practice the production
of sustainable energy particles because they have a quota of
reformation created by lousy karma from previous lives. They
are people who do not value their lives or someone else's.
Specifically, when alive, they kill others and then are killed,
murdered, commit suicide, die by accident, die by natural
disasters, die by war, die by epidemics, and die suddenly.
You also know that souls who are doomed at the place
of their death must complete a lesson and a task. When they
are only finished, they can return to the transit planet. The
lesson they must learn is to experience the agony and
obsession of killing, being killed, having accidents, and
committing suicide because they do not value the lives of
others and their own. The task is to help people in that area

have faith in the spirit world after death so that they can seek
enlightenment. Therefore, if they experience the lesson and
complete the task, they will be picked up by the elite tuelinhs
on the transiting planet to balance their energy state on the
transiting planet before reincarnating as humans.
However, if they have someone with enlightened
intelligence help them complete their lessons and tasks, they
will be returned to the transiting planet immediately
afterwards.
Do you know? The students of Nalas Nalanda have two
methods to help the damned souls return to the transit planet,
which is to preach enlightened knowledge to the souls and
use the hymn - the great mantra. However, each way of
helping has different values, specifically as follows:
- If the practitioner of enlightened wisdom preaches the
teachings of enlightenment to the living and the souls trapped
in the place where they died, they learn their lesson and
complete their mission. They will be able to return to the
transit planet to l ive a life of letting go and balancing their
energy without residing in hell.
- If the practitioner of enlightened wisdom does not
preach knowledge to the living and trapped souls, he uses a
hymn - a great mantra to bring them back to the transiting
planet. As a result, they still need to complete the lesson and
the task. When they return to the transiting planet, they will
have to live a hellish life to complete the lesson of the negative
karma created in the past human life or a past life when they
did not complete the reform quota. In addition, people learn
enlightened knowledge i n some cases, but their minds still
show greed, attachment, and ignorance. They abuse hymn -

Method of Saving Trapped Tuelinhs and Souls in the Human World to Return to the
Transiting Planet

great mantra Nalas Nalanda to neutralize spirits, demons, and
haunted houses as a profession to make money. As a result,
those trapped souls will not be returned to the transit planet
even if that person meditates and finds those souls are no
longer there.
Therefore, the method to help souls trapped in the
place where they died and to neutralize haunted houses or
demons is to preach enlightened knowledge to them and to
the people living on that land, if any.
Conditions for people to help trapped souls:
- Study all the knowledge in the Nalas Nalanda three -
book series carefully to understand the origin, practice
mission, the nature of all things in and out of the universe, the
method of liberation from suffering, and the central planet.
That is something t hat must be completed before helping
damned souls or neutralizing houses with demons or curses.
When learning enlightened knowledge, in the learner's
tuelinh, there will be the light of wisdom of all things in and
outside the universe, the origin, the practice mission, and the
journey for souls and tuelinhs after the end of human life. That
light of wisdom will create a fulcrum and faith for trapped
souls to believe and listen to the teachings of their helper.
- The state of mind must be peace and love for all things,
people and trapped souls. Do not be afraid or angry when
preaching knowledge to trapped souls. Fear and anger will
cause the person to copy negative energy particles and shoot
those negative energy particles into souls. As a result, the
spirits become afraid and attack those who want to help them.

Methods to neutralize houses and lands with
ghosts, demons, and trapped souls:
- If the place where the trapped souls have people
living, follow these steps:
+ Step 1: Before preaching enlightened knowledge to
people living in that place, focus on thinking about the souls
suffering there. Invite them to listen to enlightened
knowledge to help them return to energy balance at the
transit planet to enter the jour ney of reincarnation and
transformation.
+ Step 2: Speak knowledge to the living, including the
origins of humanity. The vow of the tuelinhs to incarnate as
humans to force out toxins and activate good factors. The
sufferings and tribulations in the four forms of Tao are
valuable in helping to el iminate toxins and activate good
factors. Actions that harm everyone, everything, and all living
things are manifestations of toxicity and congratulations to
them for recognizing their toxicity. The path of sustainable
transformation and decay. Method of e nlightenment from
suffering, achievement when attaining the unified path of the
universe, and the value of the transiting planet. In preaching
to the living, always think of the trapped souls as listening to
the sermons that people are preaching to the living.
+ Step 3: Chant the hymn - the great mantra Nalas
Nanada so that the souls can return to the transiting planet by
the energy superparticles of Nalas Nalanda. Just by preaching
enlightenment knowledge, all the trapped souls were
returned to the transit planet. However, you should chant the
hymn - the great mantra to show gratitude for the blessings of
the great Father and Teacher.

Method of Saving Trapped Tuelinhs and Souls in the Human World to Return to the
Transiting Planet

- If the place where the souls are trapped is
uninhabited, follow these steps:
+ Step 1: Before neutralizing a house or land with
ghosts or demons, think about the souls suffering in that
place. Invite them to listen to enlightened knowledge to help
them return to the energy balance of the transit planet to
enter the journey of reincarnation and transformation.
+ Step 2: Speak knowledge to those souls, including the
origin of humanity. The vow of wisdom spirits to incarnate as
humans to force out toxins and activate good factors. The
sufferings and tribulations in the four forms of the path are
valuable in helpin g to eliminate toxins and activate good
factors. Actions that harm everyone, everything, and all living
things are manifestations of toxicity and congratulations to
them for recognizing their toxicity. The path of sustainable
transformation and decay. Meth od of enlightenment from
suffering, achievement when attaining the unified path of the
universe, and the value of the transiting planet. Think of all
the souls that are around you to hear you preach. When
preaching, you can speak out loud as if preaching t o living
people, or you can also preach in your thoughts. No matter
how you preach, it would help if you always directed your
sermon to souls and maintained concentration.
+ Step 3: Chant the hymn - the great mantra Nalas
Nalanda so that the souls can return to the transiting planet
by the super energy particles of Nalas Nalanda. Just by
preaching enlightenment knowledge, all the trapped souls
were returned to the transit pl anet. However, you should
chant the hymn - the great mantra to show gratitude for the
blessings of the great Father and Teacher. In addition, there

are houses and plots of land composed of toxic energy groups
that create toxic methods that harm people and souls.
Therefore, chanting the hymn will help neutralize those toxic
energy groups.
It would help if you recited the hymn - the great
mantra- three times.