Chapter Eighty-Six

Methods of Healing Mental Health-Related
Illnesses

There have been many people suffering from
depression, insomnia, anxiety disorders, hallucinations,
postpartum depression, multiple personalities,
schizophrenia, epilepsy, autism in children under three years
old, possessed by demons, and even diseases, all of them were
utterly cured when they followed the therapy given by Nalas
Nalanda. The method is:
For mentally ill people who lose control of their
thoughts and behaviour and autistic children under
three years old:
- Relatives should read chapters of books to the patient
from one to several chapters daily, especially before and after
the patient falls asleep. When read at the beginning and after
sleep, the sick person's soul will quickly receive information
for healing.
- Relatives of the patient should let the patient listen to
videos from book chapters posted on social networking
platforms, or relatives can record each chapter themselves.

Then, play those videos for the patient to listen to all day and
all night while sleeping.
- After the patient has listened to and read books for 1
to 2 months, reduce the amount of medication taken daily by
half if you are taking medication. After a few months of
applying the healing method of re -encoding information,
completely stop taking med ications related to insomnia and
mental illness. Many patients, after ill people quit medication,
have out-of-control phenomena, which is an inevitable thing
that must happen to recover from the disease completely.
Relatives must be patient and supervise t he patient's
treatment during this period. Patients must receive
information continuously and repeatedly every day for
effective healing.
- Every day, listen and read a few chapters of the book
repeatedly; the next day, do the same with the next few
chapters. When you finish all three books, continue from the
first chapter. Severe treatment will help the patient recover
after a few months of practice.
- After the patient is awake and can control their
behaviour and consciousness, they must continue to listen to
video lectures and read books independently. This process
must last until the patient practices applying knowledge in life
to produce sustainable energy particles to reconstruct energy
particle clusters in their soul. Only then will that soul be cured
entirely.

Methods of Healing Mental Health-Related Illnesses

For people with mental illness who are still able
to control their thoughts and behaviours:
- Patients should follow the methods of patients who
cannot control their thoughts and behaviours. However, the
patient must be aware of reading books and listening to
lectures on their own or need the help of relatives during the
healing process.
Notes when healing by encoding enlightenment
information in the soul:
- Patients must gradually reduce the medication they
take due to their previous treatment. Finally, ill people had to
quit medication entirely after several months of treatment.
- You must seriously listen and learn; after being awake,
you must continue to listen and learn. When sober and
healthy, help other mentally ill people and help everyone in
life. It is the practice of knowledge to produce positive energy
particles.
- During the healing process, there will be more vital
manifestations of mental illness. At that time, you should not
worry because it is an information reaction of re -encoding
information in the energy particle structure in the soul.
Having symptoms and r eactions is a happy thing because,
after that process, the disease will quickly recover.
All patients with mental health problems from mild to
severe, such as schizophrenia, for more than 20 years have
recovered when the patient and the patient's relatives
seriously follow the treatment regimen. Nalas Nalanda has
verified this while researching the application of enlightened
knowledge in healing mental illnesses. Therefore, please

seriously follow the correct regimen to save yourself and your
loved ones when they have mental illness.

Completed book, February 2, 2024
In the capital, Hanoi, Vietnam.